CLUSTER 0
============================================================
Total statements in cluster: 8
Cluster persistence (stability): 0.993

Dataset distribution in this cluster:
  PER-CHAT: 8 (100.0%)

============================================================

SAMPLE STATEMENTS FROM EACH DATASET:


--- PER-CHAT ---
Total from this dataset: 8

1. so i don ' t have personal experience with this yet , but i have wanted to change my name for about digit years now . i ' m about to finish college and might be moving away soon , so now seems like a pretty good time to go through with it . anyway , to answer your questions  1a as far as i can tell , most places that require a formal change e . g . your job , bank accounts , ect . are able to easily change people ' s names in their system probably because of people changing their name when they get married so that should be fairly straightforward . some places  like banks  may require proof that the name change is legal , but just show them a copy of the deed poll . please note  i live in the uk  the rules might be different where you live . 1b i ' ve found it really helpful to talk to a friend about changing my name . i told a couple of friends , but we ' ve only spoken about it on skype , never face  to  face , but recently i ' ve been talking to one of my friends about it in real life , not online , and it ' s so affirming , if that makes sense . before , i felt like it was all in my head , but having someone to talk to about it and again i emphasise a face  to  face discussion makes it feel not  weird . she ' s even offered suggestions for me . digit as far as explaining it to people goes , i haven ' t really had to fully explain my reasons to anyone . none of my friends really asked why , or if they did , they were satisfied with the ' i just hate my name and i am able to change it , so why shouldn ' t i ? ' explanation . i plan on having different ' levels ' of explanation , depending on who asks . so the first level would be ' because i want to ' which would be for acquaintances and people i don ' t know very well . then ' growing up , i really didn ' t like my name . it caused me a lot of grief , and i decided to move away from that , ' for the next level , for people i know better , and then for people i know really well and trust , the last level would be the full story , which is quite long and this message is long enough as it is but i ' m happy to share if you ' re interested . digit in the dating world , if you ' ve never met them before , just introduce yourself with your new name . they won ' t know that you were ever called anything else . you can tell them about your name change in time , but there ' s no need to do it right away . digit i mean , there ' s no limit on the number of times you can change your name that i know of anyway but if you change it too often , i think people will stop taking it seriously , or just get mixed up with which name you have at any given time . once you have a good idea of the name you want to use , try introducing yourself with it online . if your username doesn ' t have any actual names in it like mine here then you can introduce yourself with a different name to each person if you want , and just see if one feels right . when you ' re comfortable with that , try using it as a username . i ' d recommend getting people to call you the new name socially before you legally change it , so you can get used to it , and it won ' t be too much of a hassle if you change your mind . lastly , i would like to add that you ' re not a fraud . it feels weird at first and lots of people who change their name feel as if they ' re lying when they use their new name . you ' re not . you ' re used to being called one thing and now you ' re answering to something different , and that takes time to get used to . don ' t let anyone make you feel bad about it .
   (ID: 101eeb53846c81b36d32c33e2b4260cb3e4ac576)

2. i had a similar face with lsd , where i just wanted to trip at every occasion . because i never had a single bad experience , only beneficial ones . thsi phase ended after digit or digit months , my mind needed a break and i didn ' t want to trip even when there was a great opportunity . for me the craving for acid feelt different than to any other drug , it wasn ' t like wanting to recreationaly better my mood like with any other drug . it feelt more like having discovered something new , where you can ' t wait for your next time doing it . it feelt like when i got a new video game for christmas as a kid and after an hour , when my parents made me go to bed , i couldn ' t wait to explore it more the next day . but after some time this always stoped , only to be rediscovered years later . the same feeling was attached to lsd after my first spiritual experience . and the same way it got more and more unexciting until i stopped using for a year or so . and this wasn ' t hard to do , it just felt right to stop now . when the spirit of adventure came back i started tripping again . even if lsd helped me a lot to learn about myself like nothing else could even come close . thinking about my usage in honesty is only possible during times of abstinence . your post sounded similar to my concern at times of frequent use and your concerns are important and nothing you should be avoiding , especially when using strong psychedelics . i could understand my frequent lsd use after it ' s ending and also be ok with having those phases because i never feelt my frequent use was damaging . i would even say such phases are welcomed by myself , when they feel right again . do not rely on what i wrote . this surely isn ' t the only reason for somebody using lsd so often . if you think your desire exists because lsd lets you be happy when you feel depressed , confident when you are shy or just lets you be the person you want to be , but aren ' t capable of otherweise . thats how damaging and addictive behaviors start . lsd may not be addictive in the ways other drugs are , but it surely will make you dependent , if used to escape your sober self . i can ' t tell you what ' s best for you , just go with what feels right for you . just be sure to honestly think about your consumption . when you understand your behavior better , it comes easier to stop or continue . since lsd does not have a physically addictive side , the reason for an addiction arises from your mind . stopping or continuing depends on the reason why you are consuming in the first place . but if you are in doubt , its better to take a break . you probably wouldn ' t have asked here if there isn ' t something worrying you about your usage . i can only tell you that i personally say that frequent lsd use , is one of the least damaging drugs , if not pushed beyond what feels good . just take some time to really organize your thoughts , minds and goals . be honest , follow what feels right for you . lsd is exhausting for your mind , some time to think may offer you what you hadn ' t capacity and time to find out during the time of constant tripping .
   (ID: e5a44ccd2ce03ba23fc6a9fd527ffc5440b8088c)

3. i did try to bring these points up before , they either got brushed off or lost in a giant web of bullshit .  i actually like carna because i think she added a new dimension to the tremere that wasn  t as explicit before they should ' ve used virstania , the lady who made the gargoyles , they even set that up in v20 when talking about how the gargoyles view her as their mother and if she picked a side in the conflict , then they would likely go with her .  you having shitty storytellers isn  t really the games fault , even if they are getting their shitty ideas from an incomplete reading of the rules . the thing is , if your system doesn ' t make the rules clearer , then it should ' ve been revised and reworked . at the very least , it needed more editing and proofreading before it went to the public .  it sounds like your group misunderstood , the beast , is intelligent because its you buddy . he  s already the one doing that when the st starts whispering at you . it  s talking to you through you . that voice is your voice in your head .   having the storyteller make nagging comments at you is outside your preference . maybe your storyteller leaned on it too often , maybe you just really don  t like that , but it  s not harming the personal horror , the same concepts are being explored . it might harm your enjoyment , and fair enough that  s fine , but it doesn  t mean the game is worse at doing what it does relative to previous editions and designer intention . that ' s actually about how often the beast affected me , this was over the course of an entire campaign , but the overall tone of monstrousness that it built just felt less like it was driven by my actions and more driven by the beast ' s words and tone . or as a real  world example , it ' s like when books come right out at the beginning and say what the moral  theme of the story is , as opposed to letting you figure it out yourself . it doesn ' t make it an overall worse book , but it is often something attributed to a different style of writing .  that  s an opinion , one that is also still flavored by your storyteller . honestly , it just sounds like your storyteller sucked at subtlety and picking the right moments .   once again though it doesn  t harm your personal horror , it  s still intact , it  s just your st didn  t handle it to your tastes . which is an interpersonal problem not the fault of the system . the beast will talk to you digit  digit times an digit  hour session at my table , and it  s less than a handful of sentences to reinforce what you are already going through yourself . so once again i think your primary issues with the game are not really the games fault , aside from the fact that they gave the tool for the st to fuck up with . that ' s the thing tho , like i said before , a lot of this is about taste , even mechanical issues are stuff i could bring up and somebody else might like them way more than i do . that ' s just a natural consequence of these sorts of discussions .  survivability is mathematically actually more balanced in this edition i would need to see the actual math play out to believe that , especially if somebody deals not  superficial damage .  i don  t necessarily think that  s the case , willpower was always too easy to invest in , it became a staple . now the person who puts their digit and digit into resolve and composure at char gen , is making an affirmative choice to be good at that , and is accepting their weaknesses because of that , this makes more compelling characters . and you still have digit digit  s to assign after that , so it  s not like you are gonna suck at your  core competencies  beyond that . digit in something is enough to do it professionally remember . i think the game is improved by the change because resolve and composure both fit into many many more rolls , they can actively participate in dice pools in a relevant way , therefore making expending resources on improving them more worthwhile . you also don  t have to be good at both to play a willful character , you could be exceptional at one and average in the other and still have a very good wp rating , so i think this point is pretty unfounded personally .   also we don  t play neonates and even our neonates were given bonus to spend as though they were starting at the same level as their sires in terms of for being a higher gen . so yeah no freebies for the newbie vamps , but you do get bonus to spend for making older characters . what fucking game do you play in ? i ' ve never had an st allow us to play something above neonates no matter how much i begged . aside from that , appearance was a useful stat to contribute to , i see it used in social situations a lot , particularly in visual communication  which is ironically far more important than verbal for humans in most cases . i also used it as a way to determine in how people treated you the first time they met you , no rolls , just pure appearance stat . it worked out well and rewarded people who wanted to play ' pretty ' characters much more often . both systems are fine in my book tho , the boost to charisma rolls certainly doesn ' t hurt . i still don ' t appreciate that you have to choose between willpower and socials  mentals being better and you don ' t have any freebies off the start to balance that out if it would fit your character better . and no , you don ' t need to be great at both , but it ' s very equivalent to mad from d  d , multi  ability score dependency . willpower was far more universally desirable than most traits , and thus making people choose between it and other stats feels like you now have to make much tougher choices instead of having the ability to be proficient at both at chargen if you want to divert your points that way . however if you have a shitload of at chargen that does seriously offset the issue and balance out the lack of freebies , but that ' s also a decision your st makes , not one of the book makes .  the  chance of a bestial failure is so insanely minuscule that hopefully when it does come up it  ll be adjudicated in a fun way because of its relative rarity compared to botches it  s a godsend , and on it  s own it adds flavor to  doing everything hungry  you are a predator after all , your first master will always be thirst . i mean , doing everything hungry doesn ' t really make sense , predators can be full . they can sleep , they can play , they can lounge around in the sun , they can mate , etc . without being hungry . i know you and i already disagree on the hunger mechanics , but i still just have a strong distate for the needing to murder somebody for hunger to go down to digit . like i said above , it ' s like the beast is holding your hand and going " no , no , you  have  to murder " , even if as a clever player you can roleplay it out to fit yourself , i was murdering before , trust me i murdered people a lot . see  brujah with celerity , potence and a claymore
   (ID: bf7502abeb225c7451d3f63c8f8fa92d5f1e8319)

4. so , let  s break this down , folks .  i beg the principle by which you derive the conclusion that he is in debt owing to his donators . the very nature of donation implies no need for reimbursement . if a refund were a reasonable expectation , then that implies something had been purchased . in fact , no such trade was agreed upon . people willingly donated to support the arts they appreciated specifically spoony ' s . this was not a loan situation . why must so many people die on this indefensible hill ? from the patreon community guidelines page   patreon is for artists , creators , and people who bring ideas . don  t put up fake pages or collect money for things you  re not actually doing . you also can  t use patreon as a prank or to fund non  activity .  that seems very clearly what spoony is doing . collecting money for things he is not actually doing .  giving out of love or support , even if it is for a person ' s product and not just for themselves , comes with no strings attached . if you give , or if another gives , and then demand return on the investment , that is a false gift , and you are reneging , or in other words cheating on your gift children call it indian giving , but that is offensive for obvious reasons . it is an extremely bad sign of character . it is not presented by spoony as  no strings attached  . he attached them when he put rewards up . rewards he is not delivering on . it is a gift exchange , agreed upon by both parties . i give him something , he gives me something . so far , he has gotten a lot of somethings and given barely any back out .  everyone keeps calling him a scammer , but the very nature of his supposed promises on patreon is that they are supposed to be projects that he would attempt , and or things and activities that he would try to give back to show appreciation for the support of those donating fans . correct . and he has seemingly failed to even attempt many of these activities .  it is ridiculous to inflate his lack of production into some kind of premeditated , draconic , dastardly , mustache curling scam to gain money , and then screw himself out of the money that he so cleverly thieved away by very cleverly destroying his source of income . does anyone really take this premise seriously ? do you think he is a scheming thief or a bungling failure ? he ' s either good at robbing , or bad at making a living . which one is it ? premeditated ? probably not . bungling failure is probably the closest to the truth . the dude is fucking himself over , which is sad .  there ' s one very simple answer to anyone who claims that spoony orchestrated a planned scheme to steal from his fans and is thus guilty of theft  why would you steal from people who are already paying you for next to no work ? why in the name of reason would anyone choose to fuck over their main support in favor of . essentially nothing positive ? it makes no sense . indeed , it does make no sense . which is why i  m surprised he  s doing it . he really either needs to just throw in the towel and call it quits or start producing again . this limbo state his patreon and site are in is just a sign of what many perceive as apathy at best and wholly dishonest at worst .  just let it go . you ' re angry at the guy because you ' re either a millennial that feels like they deserve to be treated as more of a priority , or you ' re from generation x and you grew up thinking life was business and money , and any kind of moving of money is necessarily a purchase of goods or services and must be rewarded in some way . i  m not angry at noah . i  m really not . i  m actually sad that i get no content from him , because i really enjoyed it . and your strawmen arguments hold no sway here . it is very simple  by putting up rewards , he agreed to provide them in return for money . he has consistently failed to do so . no more , no less .  if the case is the former , then please try to remember that the man is only a flawed human , who happens to be unfortunately not so good at sustaining his own productivity for reasons that really aren ' t your concern . if the case is the latter , then you need to catch up with the world , or you ' re going to have some serious issues in the future as we continue to progress as a technological and information based society . they say generals always fight the last war . well , things are moving at the pace of progress right now , and it is observably mathematically evident that society is evolving at an exponential rate . your childhood does not represent even the world of twenty years later at this point , and you need to adapt . be flexible and try to understand that those acts of donation on the internet in no way come with a bill of sale , contract of reimbursement , or value estimation . yes , he is flawed . and he is not owning up to those flaws and admitting defeat or conquering them to become a better creator . he is just ignoring his patrons . now , the middle of that is a bunch of meaningless platitudes that have no bearing on the conversation , so i  ll skip to the end  these donations did come with an expectation of reimbursement . by spoony . himself . he said that if you give him x amount of money , he would give you y content . that . is . a . business . transaction .
   (ID: 73a501f273781aa2c0deb878ecb02dcab3a9d4d3)

5. for me , the hermeneutic most valuable after wading through all the nitty gritty you do first have to go through all the nitty gritty , though is authorial intent . it tries to soothe problems of other objective  seeming lenses that dive deep into the language it ' s not necessarily exclusive of other hermeneutic lenses though . it can be summed up as , " what does paul actually mean when he ' s writing this " factor in cultural context which i do think is important , and you can ask , " would paul condemn the modern homosexuality we know today " honestly , i think he might . it ' s really hard to say . i agonized over this so hard for so long , and i only started to agonize less over it when i started to be suicidal , nihilistic , and to doubt my faith as a whole . also , i felt more and more compelled by the evidence of these few gay people i knew who had come out and gotten married who were so so so much happier than when they had been closeted gay christians . the celibate gay christians i knew were also happier to have come to a steady position , and for those who were out to be out . they obviously were still bearing a difficult cross though , as we say . married people talk about how hard marriage is , and it is , but when they were single they were looking hopefully toward marriage , and they really cannot compare the two that well . the people who commit to and live out singleness and celibacy when they would really love to get married , now that ' s hard . this evidence made me think a few things held loosely , and always with my investigation of scripture in mind  digit accepting that you ' ll probably never be straight is healthy , digit coming out is healthy , if no one will kick you out and you will have some support , digit marriage is healthy , if it doesn ' t violate your conscience . these flew in the face of the scriptures anyway . that is , even if paul would have condemned modern homosexuality . no , i should not say that . these reasonable but not ironclad conclusions , based on personal experience and that one study of lgbt mormons that john dehlin et . al . did , would seem to fly in the face of conservative  traditional interpretation of paul ' s writings . so many christians i would have grown up trusting had it not been for turning out gay said the " gay lifestyle " was destructive . by which they meant any life that included gay relationships would cease to have god ' s blessings , to whatever extent his blessings exist on earth . they said that calling myself gay was throwing out the godly inheritance i had received , that i won ' t be saved , and they said a lot more . we ' re on reddit where i can only hope we ' ve all learned to thicken our skin against such verbal attacks , but i mean , like , coming from your mom , that ' s really hurtful , really dire stuff . she wouldn ' t let me talk to my younger siblings about being gay , and blames be entirely for the distance that has grown between us . i ' m gonna try to keep myself from tearing up right now . i think you can tell that i can ' t be completely unbiased because it ' s very personal . but if one of those " lifestyles " is supposedly right and the other wrong , it ' s gotta be my conservative christian mom who ' s wrong , and the progressive , liberal , christians or non christians who are right . and yeah i just divided the christians and placed some of them with non  christians and called that the better group . which means that on this topic , " christianity " might not be as good as other things at showing how to live a good , right life . which leads me to why i doubt my faith . ultimately , i feel it ' s no consolation to live in the system that is " biblically consistent " when it is so obviously wrong . scripture may condemn homosexual behavior not self  identification , i believe , but i feel like there ' s little to no evidence outside of scripture to support claims that homosexuality is wrong , and there is in fact some evidence to support that it ' s really very healthy for naturally homosexual people to pursue homosexual relationships . so non  christian people are getting life right by listening , thinking it through , and being willing to change their culture , while christians are largely unwilling to do the same , but those who are willing have to rework their doctrine . and then it ' s true , i could be left with the option of any of several progressive versions of christianity , but at this point , why should i ? if christianity is not a help and guide , but is rather something that needs to be corrected all the time to allow for truth and healthiness  if it is almost just a hindrance to living a good life , why should i be a christian ? i wouldn ' t . then the only thing left is just god . let god be true , and every man a liar , right ? well , ok , so i entertain the thought that a lot of what i thought about god is wrong , but that he ' s still there , and he still loves perfectly . but i feel like i ' d need to actually be shown that he really is there , that something supernatural is in the world , more than just the nihilistic world i can see . i am already missing so much of my formefading christian life , but one thing i did not expect to miss is the songs . i realize now how i always got so emotionally invested in the worship songs . i can be excited , but otherwise my emotions are guarded , especially negative ones . i am almost never visibly angry , upset , etc with or around people , but i have literally been trained since infancy , no since i was in the womb , to pour my heart out in christian worships songs . so i am accustomed to feeling my strongest emotions while singing . you know how crying is cathartic ? i have such strong inhibitions around crying that i can rarely manage it , even when i need to , but emotionally pouring myself into songs is the next best thing . or maybe it ' s even better . but it ' s so hard now that i don ' t really agree with the lyrics of christian songs , because there ' s nothing else i know that ' s deeply emotional and contemplative . i went through that phase as reformed young people do where i hated all those shallow worship songs that are just constantly saying vapid combinations of the same words and phrases , and then i found my favorite singer , audrey assad . and her new album , which i have early ' cause i pledged to help fund it , is kind of all about this . this place of almost abandoning faith , but then finding that last kernel of it , which is raw and pure and so healing . plus a lot of her music and faith journey has led up to it . and it ' s just so heartbreaking for me , because as much as i love her and respect her , as well as so many of my christian friends who are truly being thoughtful with their faith , i just don ' t feel like i ' m landing there . and as much as i ' d love to just choose to believe , i feel much too dedicated to the need to believe only what i find is actually right and true . i don ' t think it will work for me . it would be tricking myself into believing something that i don ' t really think is true . i can ' t stand most instances of just believing sans evidence . so many other things in life are clearly bad to believe just because you want to believe them . i feel like i would have to believe based on a better reason than that . but now it ' s so lonely and sad , because i ' m losing a dear means of emotional handling  release prayer and songs , and i ' m losing all my friends . they won ' t ostracize me , but it ' s just different when one of a group of really dedicated christians leaves the faith . yes , pretty much all of my friends are christians , and all so devout . for those who know how i feel lately , it ' s really hard for them too . i am preparing to tell my parents , which is actually even harder than , though obviously related to , coming out as gay .
   (ID: 80ae19b9093d92fad153af508f37fcd7cd9340ec)

6. i suffer from anxiety mostly about germs , i have some chronic health conditions and in digit i was at my lowest , but have gradually taken back my life . however , i recently realized my issues with urinating while people are waiting this was at a doctor ' s office which i think stems from a self  esteem issue maybe yay . it ' s really nothing compared to what you ' re struggling with , but i thought i ' d mention that i can empathize . today i realized that the amount of anxiety i get from this issue adds too much anxiety to my already , at times , anxious life , so i ' m considering cognitive behavioral therapy . some questions to think about privately or publicly if you so choose  around when did this issue start for you ? is there an event that may have caused it to start ? maybe understanding how it all started can help you . i know you ' re seeing all of the things it has affected and you ' re probably unsure of where to start to actually take back some of what you used to have . i think it ' s important to have a good support system , so i ' d recommend finding a therapist you ' re comfortable with if you can afford it . it might not even need to be that they specialize in this condition , just professional therapist  counselor to talk to could be valuable . if you ' re unable to get a therapist right now , like you did by posting here , find a person or people to somehow make friendships with and possibly talk to about your issues . it ' s not fun to have to go it alone . i might suggest making " baby steps . " what if you could start working on this by finding either a very unfrequented private public restroom or an unfrequented public restroom with several stalls start with whichever sounds like the least uncomfortable to you . maybe a business where you can go when it ' s less crowded or maybe the college you went to , usually during break periods the schools are open and less students are there . i ' m wondering too if it might be helpful to use a public bathroom you used to be able to use . maybe you could you start off with using that one restroom and become comfortable going there often ? then could you move onto find another bathroom similar ? maybe eventually this would open the possibility of using less familiar , more frequented bathrooms . also , if you attempt something one day and feel it ' s too overwhelming , try again later or another day . don ' t see it as a failure , you tried . that ' s one more step than you might have done a different day . i was so sad when i read that you used alcohol as a way to try to help you through these situations , you shouldn ' t have to suffer like this . i hope you ' re able to get back your life !
   (ID: 345fbf1e655edda9a5f8099ba480dfe0a7a0bd47)

7. cont .  we never actually covered this , but this is probably the weakest criticism someone could have from my perspective . soaking was an absolute shit system . like beyond garbage . unless you for some reason enjoyed having to roll digit  digit different checks per character per round of combat .   the new system absolutely trashes the old system in terms of ease of play and tightening up combat to be about what happens and not about resolving die rolls .   all superficial damage in v5 is halved except for magical attacks . so you basically successfully soak half of all superficial damage you take . then they made fortitude into a baller ass ability instead of cool but not stellar at low level and op as balls at high . it has an even build all the way from digit  digit . basically the whole game was improved immensely by this change , it ripples through to other systems in a way that is flat out better game design . damage , combat , and powers are all better for the removal of this cumbersome ass mechanic . the dice rolls aren ' t really the issue , i actually love the implementation of less dice rolls and already homeruled that into my games . fortitude is good , but the problem is what they did with stamina where it adds to your health instead of allowing you to soak more , only armor and fortitude allow you to soak . yes , you halve all superficial damage you take , but you ' re still gonna be taking a lot of damage without soaking . i feel like this shifts balance a lot in favor of offense and makes survivability a lot harder . it ' s better to straight up not take damage than have more health . one of the minor issues i have is that agg damage is no longer a thing , which i feel will mostly become an issue once the other splats enter the picture .  willpower being it  s own stat to buy was always janky and it  s better game design to encourage stats that mean more than one thing at a time . i don ' t agree with this at all , willpower was always one of the easiest stats to buy up via freebies at the beginning , i never encountered any issues with willpower being its own thing . i ' ve always complained about other systems basing willpower off of attributes and stats , it should be its own thing . your willpower shouldn ' t be based off of wisdom like in d  d , because sometimes you wanna play a character who ' s willful , but don ' t wanna dump points into attributes . that actually does limit chargen and character ideas , especially since now you have to choose whether you wanna be charismatic  manipulative and intelligence  perceptive or willful . that single choice severely damages the willpower of most social and mental builds if they want good stats in the other two . also the stat itself feels like it was added in solely for willpower , and then justified retroactively . this also brings up another point , they completely nixed freebies , which made it much harder to customize your character from the get  go . that was a huge issue i had when i first started making a character . i did like predator types and have since ported them over , but the lack of freebies felt like they simplified things too much and you couldn ' t decide , as a relevant example ' well i ' m gonna be a bit more willful than i otherwise would be ' . or , going back to merits and backgrounds , you can ' t buy up extra backgrounds anymore to really cement your character ' s past , and you can ' t increase abilities either to emphasize being a really skilled individual .  here you go , there are your rebuttals , maybe come up with some worthwhile criticisms that don  t hinge on  i don  t like change  , also anytime you want to actually demonstrate the game system specifically preventing you from playing your version of personal horror , go ahead and do it , you half ass cite the rules that encourage personal horror as somehow preventing you from having your version , something that you have failed to demonstrate and that boils down to  its not subtle enough for me  which isn  t really an argument either . i imagine you can find a way to make it work in your own way , you just don  t want to which is fine but it  s not a failing of the game system just because you can make something work with duct tape and superglue , doesn ' t mean it ' s meant to work well that way . it ' s like trying to play as demigods in a d  d game , you can fucking homebrew that shit , but that doesn ' t mean the base game is designed for it .  let  s not forget your entire conception of why the game was bad hinged on the beast taking control of your actions occasionally through frenzy and compulsions , things that existed in the previous editions and they are no more inhibiting than they were before , you just don  t like the hunger dice mechanic so somehow that makes you forget you  ve always been a slave to your beast influencing your darkest desires . god forbid the game fix the  better you are more likely you are to critically fail  mechanic in a better way than v20 did . oh botches fucking sucked , i homeruled those out of my games ages ago . nobody ' s saying they didn ' t , but that does remind me i mentioned that i don ' t care for the new dice rules either , but that ' s entirely my opinion . i felt like the changes were unneeded . and the issue isn ' t the beast taking over , it ' s the fact that it feels far more random now as well as constantly haunting as opposed to say , a slow dramatic build  up .
   (ID: bf7502abeb225c7451d3f63c8f8fa92d5f1e8319)

8. let me hedge  disclaim before my super long answer  i ' m not sure about my faith right now . i ' m pretty inclined to stop saying i ' m a christian because , at this point , i just don ' t really believe in god . but it ' s complicated and i go back and forth . all my life i ' ve been a devout christian , so i feel i can provide relevant perspective to this question . i do get emotional and depressing at the end , so maybe don ' t read this if you will be depressed to read about why i am probably stopping being a christian . tl  dr which obviously misses the point , but oh well  don ' t love it  almost hate it , but i ' m suicidal anyway , so . probably not . some verses nt matter more than others . i could go either way . if we assume scriptural inerrancy , i lean toward the traditional view . if not , i lean toward saying paul was wrong , and that ' s ok , the bible can still be valuable . long version  digit . i do not love being gay . it ' s hard . do i hate it ? well , as others have said , i think the problem is with other people and society for making it so hard for gay people . just the same , i would rather not have been gay because being gay in my family  cultural context caused me to become a secretive person and i became depressed and suicidal . still am , but doing better . i think it ' s my suicidality that lets me say i ' d rather not be gay . i ' ll explain . i think lots of people , not just queer people , might look back on difficulties but when asked they ' d say , " i wouldn ' t change anything . those things have made me who i am today " like not getting into your top college choice , but then loving your life and friends after getting established at the one you did go to . you can ' t imagine your life without your friends , etc . there ' s often a sense that , since things are great now , i wouldn ' t want to change the past , ' cause then things would be worse . but i think that obviously doesn ' t make sense because you have no idea what would have happened . i think really , people don ' t want to die , and imagining yourself as a completely different person , is like imagining that someone else altogether had taken your place in life , and that ' s like never having existed . it ' s a known philosophical question with lots of related thought experiments like theseus ' ship and the star trek teleporter and others . you can find good youtube videos about it from crash course and cgpgrey . anyway , when you ' re suicidal , you often wish you had never existed . but it ' s really tricky thinking about questions like , " what if i had never been born " what i mean to say is , there is a line where being a " different " version of yourself , would be like not existing , and someone else taking your place . insignificant things about your life and recent things usually don ' t seem to define your identity , so they could be different without that existential threat . being gay has shaped so much of my life after the age i realized which was late relative to my peers that i am only ok saying , " i ' d rather not have been gay , " because i ' d also rather not have lived . harder question  " if you could stop being gay now , would you " answer  tempting but no , because so many christians around me would give other gay people an even harder time about stopping being gay . that ' s not how it works and i don ' t want a selfish miracle for just me . the good parts of being gay ? it has forced me to be more thoughtful , and to be kinder to minorities of all kinds . there ' s more to it than that , but the bad parts are easy to figure out . i think the good parts will be further revealed as i live my life going forward , given that i ' ve resolved not to kill myself . maybe one day i ' ll love being gay . digit and digit . my concept of sin changed throughout my life . sin could be thought of like breaking rules . ok , not too bad a definition , i guess . later i thought of it more like , " in any given situation , there are choices , and some would be wrong . that ' s sin " then i thought of it like , " just be in relationship with god . the rules we ' ve come up with may be right , but they shouldn ' t be the source of the information . we should just be really close to god , then we ' ll always know what ' s sin " still later this changed from a notion of " we ' ll know because god will tell us when we need to know " to " we ' ll know because we will have trained our hearts to love what he loves " this was a key moment in my faith , when lots of other things were also going on . i could explain it from a lot of angles , but it was important . we can ' t just claim to be right because we ' re hooked up to god , because so many disagreeing people have done and still do that . we need humility so that we can hear criticism and hope to apply it , and we need reason  so that we can recognize good criticism . different faith traditions have different doctrine on how we decide what ' s right . i like the anglican and wesleyan doctrines  scripture  tradition  reason  spirit i think . people criticize american evangelicals and others e . g . the gospel coalition , " reformed " traditions , which is basically what i have been for being all scripture and no tradition . people criticize catholicism and orthodoxy for being all tradition . humorously , you could say that episcopalians who are anglicans and pentecostals probably both get criticism for relying too much on just following the spirit , though in really different ways . consistently in all areas of christianity in my experience , there is the belief that it is very possible to rely too much on reason alone . i spent a while it was several years , but i can ' t say it was a long time because others have spent much longer believing that i would simply have to not act on my attractions toward other guys . much of that time i also believed i could change to stop having them . i have always wanted to be a dad and a spouse , still do , when i ' m not too depressed , so i just thought i ' d marry a woman , or maybe be celibate if that seemed better . i was a really really persistently happy person , and besides as a conservative christian teen , you don ' t have pressure about finding a spouse yet until you ' re digit , then go ahead and get married as soon as possible , so it was only in college , having friends with so ' s , and finally having my first crush ever it was on a guy , my best friend , and i fell for him hard before i knew what hit me , that i realized i could not handle marrying a girl , and i first realized what i ' d be missing if i were to be celibate . yeah , that was rough . before that and during that time , i actively kept myself from imagining what life would be like with a husband . i didn ' t want to think about it if i couldn ' t have it . i decided i had to be ok with celibacy before i could decide whether gay marriage was ok , and someone convinced me i also had to think about having a husband to be able to weigh the options . even now , i find it valuable to remind myself that it ' s unhealthy to think that i could not be ok living on my own i ' ve thought about it  i personally wouldn ' t be into hooking up , so for me the options are being celibate or being in a committed relationship . i tell myself , " if you could not imagine life without a husband , then digit you ' re not honestly able to consider the option fairly , and digit you will make an unhealthy partner for whomever you get involved with " that said , i think singleness is a better choice for some than others , and i think some are particularly suited fo in need of marriage  partnership . having made efforts to keep myself from being terribly biased obviously impossible to be completely unbiased , but i ' m big on unbiasedness , i really care , so i always tried my best to check myself , i considered the arguments , especially scripture . it ' s so much more confusing than so many christians give it credit for . i sincerely cannot respect intellectually the opinions of anyone who says , " the bible clearly says homosexuality is a sin , so that settles it " interestingly though , i absolutely feel equally little respect for anyone who says , " i don ' t see how anyone could ever think homosexuality could be wrong " if you ' re not a christian and you grew up in the modern culture , sure , why should you think it ' s wrong ? but for anyone else , anyone hoping to have any ear with christians , it grinds my gears because they are obviously just as thoughtless . you can find books , blog posts , videos , and certainly sermons on the verses themselves from all sorts of different hermeneutical perspectives , which you should do if you ' re a christian who cares . i think the old testament verses are less pertinent not irrelevant , though to this discussion than the new testament . short version of why that is  lv . is clearer in the language and original implications , but modern application given the rest of the ot ? super murky , honestly . for genesis , cultural context of gang rape plus ezekiel puts considerable doubt not complete doubt on the sodom and gomorrah story being relevant . nt is wondering what it ' s talking about where we have translated " homosexuality " in some versions , so that ' s something to talk about . continued in subcomment
   (ID: 80ae19b9093d92fad153af508f37fcd7cd9340ec)


============================================================
