CLUSTER 7
============================================================
Total statements in cluster: 20
Cluster persistence (stability): 1.000

Dataset distribution in this cluster:
  PER-CHAT: 20 (100.0%)

============================================================

SAMPLE STATEMENTS FROM EACH DATASET:


--- PER-CHAT ---
Total from this dataset: 20

1. hey . firstly you need to speak to someone be it a doctor or the samaritans , someone . secondly why are you looking up reasons instead of looking inwards and seeing what the actual issue is . do you have depression or something that maybe people around you don ' t know how to handle ? what kind of person are you ? are you kind ? thoughtful ? generous with your time ? empathetic ? honest ? nice ? these are all traits that people like . or are you selfish ? negative ? deceitful ? apathetic ? narcissistic ? irresponsible ? egotistical ? you can change your behaviour and your characteristics . you are not always going to be the person you perceive yourself to be now . everyone has the potential to change and grow . believe in yourself . only you have the ability to make yourself happy . don ' t depend on others to validate you . mind yourself .
   (ID: 93fee667f85cc0ee55e2451cc1a83efc0b764ef4)

2. really don  t know anymore lmao i use to be fucked up and pushed my emotions aside not caring about anything to deal with the shittyness and stress i had to deal with , currently i did a digit and quit all the bad habits cold turkey it  s been a few months and honestly i  m going insane . just before reading this a thought of suicide popped through my head and i was asking myself how would i deal with my friend who stood by my side for the worst of my years in life . how would i ask her if she wants to ask me anything before i did the act ? this is just a theoretical and not physical . i don  t plan to kms ever as i just can  t deal with the effects of it , even if i  m dead i would regret abusing my friends generosity . regardless i will just deal with this battle and just see where it takes me i  m envious that the friend has moved on from near where i am currently and i hope she never goes back but sometimes i do feel like shit when i look at myself . regardless she has a jump start as she  s digit  digit compared to where i  m digit  digit . here  s a funny talk we had . i noticed that most of he people i talk to are older then me and she said yes you attract older people . face  with  tears  of  joy even so i told her when i talk with people i never think about their age much as long as their above digit as their mature and not overhyper or etc . and she said she never though anything about it either and we always talk as we are equal not teen  adult teen . no this is not a sexual relationship and no this is not me abusing someone else or vice verse . she looked after me when i was deep and i did the same . i can say this if she never got out of coma i would have died a few years later probably . here  s the irony of this post ? you ready ? i never met this girl irl lol . goal is to meet up later after college and tour the world and just fight over a few stupid inside jokes . who knows maybe i will have my digit nova build by then and maybe will part with it as a thank you gift , always can just build another one haha . goal is to build roughly digit  digit before i drop dead haha . being digit in a toxic family sucks , but i  m glad to an extent of being able to see the things i can . and mainly meeting the people i have let it be irl or over facetime  online .
   (ID: 4422c1db26c9be5bec35694a448a490c2761d985)

3. this post is too long , but i know exactly how you feel . i grew up in a similar situation , but i had digit older sisters ranging digit  digit years older than me . first you ' re an idiot for letting your mom drive drunk . you should have at least worried about the potential harm towards others . i think my parents weren ' t nice to me as a kid because they wanted to prepare me for the real world and ive come to appreciate it . life is going to be much harder on you if your a male , so you should be able to handle it . also wanting to be a musician i tought myself how to do everything and knowing that my parents wouldn ' t pay for my school no matter what i majored in , i spent digit years getting an ok paying job first . i know you don ' t want to hear about me though . my advice is digit  psychiatrists are witch doctors , dont waste your time of money . digit  distance yourself as much as you can from your family and live your own life .
   (ID: cbed067932829315de162cb512843a4f6b1083b7)

4. not at all . those are really great questions and oerfectly normal for you to he wondering about . mimd you , i ' m also not a professional so this is more a matter of opinion from personal experience . not those few things just makes a person a narc . there will be other signs for you to able to know . its true when they say , the similiarities between stories between people who have been abused by a narc are uncanny . there are so many signs that play into a narcissist that it will go so far back into your relationship you will feel like there has been a blindfold lifted from your eyes when you start putting it all together . and for me , i used to make up excuses for my nex . he used to ignore me to no end . if we were in an argument . he never once would apologize and admit he ' s wrong . he never once would say " i understand where you are coming from " . he would forcefully put me down in any way he could to get to me . so the majority of the time his tactic would be to ignore me , " avoid " and wait it out until i gave in and let thr matter fall under the table . when i didn ' t let up and never let thr matter go , i would withstand the horrible horrible things he would say to me and still stand tall defending myself . its then he would say something along the lines of " i ' m just not good at it " . and i was letting him use that lie for so long . it was just am excuse he made up to get him off the hook . and this is why . any person is capable of meeting you in the middle . someone who is on the narc spectrum usually is not . anyone is capabke of holding themselves accountable and acknowledging your feelings . a narc is not . but they can pretend when forced to if it comes down to it . i used to question it too and let that excuse be used . sure , there are plenty of partners out there who have a terribly hard time with confrontation . have a hard time dealing with issues snd stress . cant effectively communicate . but are those same guys gaslighting you to no end ? are thise same guys love bombing you ? using triangulation techniques to make you feel smaller and crazier than what you are ? are those same guys manipulating you to make you believe that you are the wrong one always ? that ' s not normal . that kind of thing doesnt happen in a proper relationship . not one person is always wrong . is that same person using the hot and cold technique to make you feel as if you need to over compensate i ' m order to earn their love back ? to make you put a part of yourself aside so that you can be more acceptable for them ? those types of things do not happen in a happily functioning relationship . so my answer is , no not those one thing will make a person a narc . but the accumulation of manipulative techniques does . and it can only be confirmed by a real professional , which i am not . but i do feel pretty educated seeing as i have been putting a lot of research and evaluation into my own personal situation . and my nex is bot the first narc in my life either . what really confirmed it for me is a pretty recent event . he threw a giant surprise party for our mutual friend and didnt invite me . when i called him out on it he then started gaslighting me by turning the situation around on me and saying i never come around . my argumemt is how could i come around if in not invited . he then started saying horrible things to me about how no one likes me and i am not good enough and i would have made the entire party about myself projection and ruoned the entire thing . so i blocked him on all forms . except i forgot to block email . i brought it to a level i never would have done in the past . a couple of days later i received a huge apology for everything he knows that bothered me . he should have treated me right . treated me for the gem that i am . he should have apologized more . he should have been there more . been more involved with my family . been more supportive if my goals and future . i taught him what love really is . he should have treated me better . well , two emails later he turned around and started saying how horrible i am . gas lighting i am lying and manipulative projection . i am not responsible more sensible enough of a person to know when i ' m right or wrong and i can ' t tell the difference . i don ' t deserve to be in a relationship because i am not good enough to hold someone else ' s heart in my hands . he feels sorry for me . and i have a long road ahead of me . digit  of the memories he has of me in the last digit years i made him miserable . oh , he also said that my therapist doesn ' t know the real me . only the me that they ' re being paid to know ajd they ' re only being nice to me because they are being paid too . so you see , he love bombed me basically and then turned around and threw it in my face . it makes the original apology void . in the past , i would not have blocked him . i would not have stood my ground snd gone no contact . in the past i would have accepted that maybe i wasnt good enough to be at that party and i really would have ruined it . that no one would want me there . i would have let him ignore me . i would hsve accepted the excuse that he ' s just not good at communicating . well , thats all bullshit because i ' ve been dealing with it for digit years . and there ' s always a lie . and always an excuse . and it was always followed by being ignored . and i would let him do it . and then he would wait it out without saying a word and then come back to me like nothing ever happened . but since i didn ' t this time it resulted in a major love bombing and gas lighting that hit the nail on the head for me . i hope that offers you some insight . i ' m sorry its a lot to read but i really wanted to give you a lot so you can develop your own opinion on it since i can ' t quite answer that question from you in a professional manner .
   (ID: 9981a65782780477b53d712e936b6997a4092240)

5. you  re not an asshole . and , it  s important to note  neither is he . but this subject is a really big deal between couples and you need to keep that in mind . you are young and you don  t need to be in a hurry to make any decisions on this today . but what you do need to do is spend some time with your bf determining whether you are continuing on the same path in life . and it  s okay if the answer right now is ,  i don  t know , let  s keep going and see what happens ,  and it  s okay if it  s  we  re growing in different directions .
   (ID: 3f4f5511095f668b3c84312b8bfeb87b30dd8f03)

6. i feel your pain . i was told a week ago that my wife has wanted a divorce for over a year . it hurts like hell when one minute you think your life and relationship are going well then the next minute you find out your partner does not want you anymore . it no doubt crushes your world . and i know what you are thinking and feeling . everyone keeps telling you the same things , and they are the right things but you don  t want to hear . you believe that there has to be someway to stop this and correct , but we can  t . the heart loves , hurts , grows and loves again . we just can  t control it . so good luck with your situation , we both know our lives will get better in time . take care .
   (ID: 3cd64a42c43aaba8bcfe70482cd19250f58de2f0)

7. you have the right to be upset or angry , or any other emotion you are having right now . your wife needs to know exactly how you feel and take ownership for causing it your wife should be willing to do anything for you that would help you build that trust back up . no more expectations of privacy , no more hidden anything in her life . she needs to be an open book . look at her bank account , check her on  line presence , monitor her calls , get all of her passwords , and  or whatever you feel is needed . then you need to work on regaining that trust . if this is going to be a life sentence for her , then end the marriage now . you need to work toward her having privacy again some day . just not right now . there is no such thing as too much communication in smarriage .
   (ID: 9186c179fe844e912b1dc4e064693a023e668de3)

8. it ' s torture . it ' s as if i don ' t feel very much anymore . any happiness with anyone has been long gone since my first relationship . i can ' t help but cover up the pain when i meet my friends with their other girlfriends . i knew about it since i could remember , the first ones i remember was my own parent ' s relationship . i didn ' t know what it meant at the time , but i saw blood , a lot . let ' s not get into the details , it haunts me . i look outside and see the typical business man travelling by his favorite way , by air . it ' s funny sometimes because sometimes there ' s the occasional newer employed and they fall from a few feet . only thing that brings me a smile sometimes . one girl i met , elise , was by far the most incredible person i ' d met , and i thought she was the one , the one i would marry . except , the moment i touched her hand after the first month , a sudden vision crossed my mind , and it made me shudder . i pushed her away for days , until she finally broke up with me . my goal is to not meet anymore , because the more people i meet , the more i feel terrible . it ' s horrific knowing how every relationship ends . it ' s either death , or violence , or even abuse . i don ' t want this power . it ' s diabolic . it ' s not a power from good , it ' s a power meant to punish me .
   (ID: 767dc546311237345e846f55cd4d6b549fa0cb71)

9. it ' s not ok for him to brush off your concerns or get angry or annoyed when you ask and then not fully answer you . when he doesn ' t give you a full answer it makes it seem as though he is hiding something . if he respects you then he wouldn ' t say you were being jealous , he would answer your question so that you don ' t have to keep wondering . how can you let it go and move on if you don ' t even know what really happened ? i wouldn ' t approach him about it as though you are mad but i would let him know you don ' t think it ' s fair and you think it is kind of disrespectful for him to let a girl that obviously doesn ' t respect your relationship to do that to him .
   (ID: 82227bc3f73e4753802bc6bc025e3544c0c76857)

10. admitting there is a problem is hard . fixing it even harder . your kids are likely in school full time . perhaps there is a way that you can find an after school program instead of a daycare . or , a dayhome . an hour or two in the afternoons probably won ' t affect your children negatively as a they are more connected to you by this age and can identify right from wrong and tell you , and b an after school program is guided by professional people and c less costly than full time care . i am a mom to a half day kindergartener digit and a digit mornings a week preschooler digit . i would need to find evening or weekend work to save myself from childcare costs being enormous , so i choose to wait until they are schooled full time . do you have any flexibility with your job ? perhaps you could drop off and pick up and return to work if necessary when she returns home . i ' m getting off track . i can ' t think of anything you ' re doing that isn ' t gentle , kind or thoughtful and coming from a place of love . i know my husband works long hours for our benefit and i appreciate the hell out of him for it . you are a good person and it sounds like she does need help in the form of a doctor or counselling for ppd . just keep coming from a place of love when you tell her you miss your partner in crime and that you want her to be happy , and all that growing old together stuff . i would beg and plead with my husband to come to counselling with me if i thought he needed it , but if that ' s likely to make her angry i just don ' t know . maybe if you guys are close with her family you can discreetly discuss with a trusted family member that you are worried . maybe they are worried too .
   (ID: c28c39847d1ec88851aadf063f6e8baf4594b35c)

11. you ' re already beginning to explain everything my comment was meant for . neurons that fire together wire together . i wish i could spend up the process of building new neurological channels in my brain so that i could get into the habit of remembering more good times , but this sometimes can be a painstaking process . i personally have had to go out of my way to create new associations , new experiences , relationships , events , feeling states , interpretations and behaviors in order to allow my brain to have a different default mode . the first step to get over trauma is to distance yourself from all malignant narcissist in your family and social circle that overtly or covertly are physically and or psychologically traumatizing you . as long as you have sociopathic , sadistic entities retriggering cortisol spikes , your amygdala will be inflated , and your sympathetic nervous system will be overactive , leaving you an a perpetual fight or flight response which is the default mode of post traumatic stress disorder . the feeling of guilt in shame is a projection that toxic people around you have tossed to you like a hot coal . they knew it would hurt if they held on to it , so in their own sick and strategic way they left it in your hands and said , " here , you have it . breaking you down psychologically is facilitated because you permit yourself to be easily discouraged . they feel more secure when they have a compliant subordinate , and since you are acquiring these feelings of shame so openly , you make a good victim to target and blow steam off of . the problem is this identity is not yours , it ' s not serving you , and you need to let it go , create a new experience , and become one of the thousand better versions of you that are possible to embody . narcissists employ sadism through psychological torture and the carrot and stick method is commonly used . as long as the standards keep moving , you will labor to satisfy , like a mouse on a wheel , even though the very nature of the person you are dealing with is pathologically insatiable . through statements like , " has made it impossible for me to move on " in the fucking garbage . don ' t say shit like that . sit down , admit and accept that hundreds of different forms of evolution , healing and enjoying are possible . you simply have to concede that those options and opportunities exist . they do exist , don ' t say they aren ' t possible because you ' re wrong . while i ' ve written so much , here is the meat of my point  you have the almost psychic power of empathy , but you have been continuously hurt by people , who granted , are in pain themselves , but don ' t have empathy and furthermore go out of their way to hurt you so that you suffer more than you know you do not deserve . what you have to do is refuse to gift your empathy to all entities as many individuals are not deserving of your kindness and compassion . i have had to cut of friends and the closest family members who frankly are suffering , but that doesn ' t make what they do to me any less cruel . you must become acquainted with your dark side and realize that it is in your best interest to completely abandon those you have betrayed you . if you respect yourself , you will slowly but surely begin to adhere to boundaries and only tolerate persons that do so with you . if you seem heartless , mean or cold it doesn ' t matter . these people know you are a good person and they are taking advantage of that very quality . because you derive your own validation from how you give , these people will suck energy out of you indefinitely until you stop them once and for all . because you ' re loving , you won ' t want to leave them behind but it is the first step in your healing . go full no contact with your abusers
   (ID: a94c33f7a102c979d2b0d24245a9721d4136b14f)

12. thank you . i don ' t blame myself in a way that isn ' t realistic . i blame myself for not being aware of the warning signs of what happened to me . that ' s about the extent . i don ' t harbor any unhealthy emotions and though i suffer mildly from ptsd i am conscious enough to work on my issues . with that being said . yes , i am still with my boyfriend . the truth of the matter is that he simply isn ' t emotionally mature enough to understand the depths of what had happened . i did threaten to break up with him . the first couple of times he said it to me i didn ' t stand up for myself . i don ' t know why . but the last time he said it i really stuck it to him . i realized that if he thinks this way i can ' t possibly marry someone who will think like that and i told him that . i also told him i will happily leave because i know i wouldn ' t be suffering a loss if that ' s the way he is thinking . for the first time in all the time i have known him he stopped and gave me a very heart felt apology taking accountability for his lack of sympathy and understanding . quite frankly , a lot of other things were said . but it was true and i know he meant it . this is still a red flag for me . if i am suffering from something in the future , am i going to have to be the one to walk him through it too ? just because i am more emotionally equipped to handle ? he ' s not a horrible person . but he is selfish in his thinking . and he is emotionally sheltered . after digit years i am starting to wonder if i want to be the one who does all of the picking up .
   (ID: 9981a65782780477b53d712e936b6997a4092240)

13. you ' re so , so young to be thinking about these things . you can tackle these issues if you ' re still together as adults , but for now , enjoy your time together and don ' t get caught up in things you won ' t to think about for digit  years . and also you don ' t have to be married to start a family together if you do reach that point .
   (ID: 4345d92dae99b45255ddd6b7f7c88a7ad331da93)

14. i feel like you don  t really have a right to be angry at her in that regard since as you even said you cheated on her digit times due to bad friends so why would she not be concerned about you going out doing certain things ? in this case i think it  d be healthier to break up so that you can use the lessons you learned in a new relationship where there  s not so much trauma to undo . you  re a better man now , you won  t do the shitty things you did in this relationship again , but getting your gf to trust you completely again will be at best a monumental task , at worst impossible . if you don  t wanna go through with all that entails , then i  d really recommend breaking up .
   (ID: fdfa8a07ca863e2631c049fe1f6a12483b81afbf)

15. it sounds like you are already maintaining healthy behaviors . continue to be loving and pleasant to your mom but maintain your own life . do not allow yourself to feel guilty . identify what you are willing to do fowith your mom as a minimum each week , communicate that , and maintain at least that . talk to her about her wants and needs , and try to give as much as you can . maybe she just wants a phone call if you are out late to say you ' re ok . are you pulling your weight at home cooking and cleaning ? and remember , she is the only person aside from god who will ever love you unconditionally . she is going through a life change and needs to find more things in her life that makes her happy . maybe you can introduce her to some of those things , like an art class or genealogy research . good luck !
   (ID: 9186c179fe844e912b1dc4e064693a023e668de3)

16. i ' m curious  are the feelings regarding the second cheating different than the first ? in my mind , i somehow imagine it as ' getting even ' , while i logically know it ' s still a breach of trust .
   (ID: a283688fea41e1110e58705ec74d4e325e46d87e)

17. this sounds kinda healthy . i know far too many people who do the opposite and bury themselves in kid issues to the neck and when the kids leave , they have nothing more to talk about and get divorced . if you  re resentful about it , why not say something ?
   (ID: 51b402555c8be7c06ad4a60a2d8d5b71885f838a)

18. i read , " however , she does seem to assume i don  t know what i am doing at all "  if my daughter was digit with a baby i would assume the same . being a parent is a major responsibility , i currently have digit . i ' m in college as well , and i ' m almost twice your age . college is literally the only thing i have the energy for outside of motherhood , i can ' t imagine what you would want to go out and do that your mother is like , " no , no , no " to .   x200b  as far as getting your mom to give you more freedom , she ' s probably afraid you ' re going to go out and get pregnant again  it ' s a very valid fear . she questions your judgement , your ability to be responsible . what she has to go on is you getting pregnant at digit . your first decision as an adult was to become a parent , it sounds like she ' s afraid you will continue to make decisions that have her questioning whether or not you are capable to live an adult life where you can make rational decisions for yourself .
   (ID: 4a699f45d7c076d67a8d89f2c711ff27f50199fb)

19. this this and this . do your best to change it for her . make her feel like it  s not a bad thing and there  s no reason to feel bad . try your best to erase that part of her past . purple  heart
   (ID: 3590b3fd811042b17c3ff7f8b851664408a349ef)

20. i don  t think people understand this . it  s important to know life is gonna change nothing will ever he permanent , idc what you say it will never be , so people need to learn how to push through tough times . mourning for a few days is good but you have to start grasping yourself after that as if not you will never learn to accept what happened and move on to a extent where it doesn  t affect your day to day living , i can say what a joke i was at digit i was so fucked up that i just coped with my friend being in coma with getting more fucked up . but idk how i would feel if she never woke up or etc , . , . i probably would not be talking to you rn if she hadn  t as i would never did a digit and just killed myself
   (ID: 4422c1db26c9be5bec35694a448a490c2761d985)


============================================================
