CLUSTER 0
============================================================
Total statements in cluster: 6
Cluster persistence (stability): 1.000

Dataset distribution in this cluster:
  PER-CHAT: 6 (100.0%)

============================================================

SAMPLE STATEMENTS FROM EACH DATASET:


--- PER-CHAT ---
Total from this dataset: 6

1. let me hedge  disclaim before my super long answer  i ' m not sure about my faith right now . i ' m pretty inclined to stop saying i ' m a christian because , at this point , i just don ' t really believe in god . but it ' s complicated and i go back and forth . all my life i ' ve been a devout christian , so i feel i can provide relevant perspective to this question . i do get emotional and depressing at the end , so maybe don ' t read this if you will be depressed to read about why i am probably stopping being a christian . tl  dr which obviously misses the point , but oh well  don ' t love it  almost hate it , but i ' m suicidal anyway , so . probably not . some verses nt matter more than others . i could go either way . if we assume scriptural inerrancy , i lean toward the traditional view . if not , i lean toward saying paul was wrong , and that ' s ok , the bible can still be valuable . long version  digit . i do not love being gay . it ' s hard . do i hate it ? well , as others have said , i think the problem is with other people and society for making it so hard for gay people . just the same , i would rather not have been gay because being gay in my family  cultural context caused me to become a secretive person and i became depressed and suicidal . still am , but doing better . i think it ' s my suicidality that lets me say i ' d rather not be gay . i ' ll explain . i think lots of people , not just queer people , might look back on difficulties but when asked they ' d say , " i wouldn ' t change anything . those things have made me who i am today " like not getting into your top college choice , but then loving your life and friends after getting established at the one you did go to . you can ' t imagine your life without your friends , etc . there ' s often a sense that , since things are great now , i wouldn ' t want to change the past , ' cause then things would be worse . but i think that obviously doesn ' t make sense because you have no idea what would have happened . i think really , people don ' t want to die , and imagining yourself as a completely different person , is like imagining that someone else altogether had taken your place in life , and that ' s like never having existed . it ' s a known philosophical question with lots of related thought experiments like theseus ' ship and the star trek teleporter and others . you can find good youtube videos about it from crash course and cgpgrey . anyway , when you ' re suicidal , you often wish you had never existed . but it ' s really tricky thinking about questions like , " what if i had never been born " what i mean to say is , there is a line where being a " different " version of yourself , would be like not existing , and someone else taking your place . insignificant things about your life and recent things usually don ' t seem to define your identity , so they could be different without that existential threat . being gay has shaped so much of my life after the age i realized which was late relative to my peers that i am only ok saying , " i ' d rather not have been gay , " because i ' d also rather not have lived . harder question  " if you could stop being gay now , would you " answer  tempting but no , because so many christians around me would give other gay people an even harder time about stopping being gay . that ' s not how it works and i don ' t want a selfish miracle for just me . the good parts of being gay ? it has forced me to be more thoughtful , and to be kinder to minorities of all kinds . there ' s more to it than that , but the bad parts are easy to figure out . i think the good parts will be further revealed as i live my life going forward , given that i ' ve resolved not to kill myself . maybe one day i ' ll love being gay . digit and digit . my concept of sin changed throughout my life . sin could be thought of like breaking rules . ok , not too bad a definition , i guess . later i thought of it more like , " in any given situation , there are choices , and some would be wrong . that ' s sin " then i thought of it like , " just be in relationship with god . the rules we ' ve come up with may be right , but they shouldn ' t be the source of the information . we should just be really close to god , then we ' ll always know what ' s sin " still later this changed from a notion of " we ' ll know because god will tell us when we need to know " to " we ' ll know because we will have trained our hearts to love what he loves " this was a key moment in my faith , when lots of other things were also going on . i could explain it from a lot of angles , but it was important . we can ' t just claim to be right because we ' re hooked up to god , because so many disagreeing people have done and still do that . we need humility so that we can hear criticism and hope to apply it , and we need reason  so that we can recognize good criticism . different faith traditions have different doctrine on how we decide what ' s right . i like the anglican and wesleyan doctrines  scripture  tradition  reason  spirit i think . people criticize american evangelicals and others e . g . the gospel coalition , " reformed " traditions , which is basically what i have been for being all scripture and no tradition . people criticize catholicism and orthodoxy for being all tradition . humorously , you could say that episcopalians who are anglicans and pentecostals probably both get criticism for relying too much on just following the spirit , though in really different ways . consistently in all areas of christianity in my experience , there is the belief that it is very possible to rely too much on reason alone . i spent a while it was several years , but i can ' t say it was a long time because others have spent much longer believing that i would simply have to not act on my attractions toward other guys . much of that time i also believed i could change to stop having them . i have always wanted to be a dad and a spouse , still do , when i ' m not too depressed , so i just thought i ' d marry a woman , or maybe be celibate if that seemed better . i was a really really persistently happy person , and besides as a conservative christian teen , you don ' t have pressure about finding a spouse yet until you ' re digit , then go ahead and get married as soon as possible , so it was only in college , having friends with so ' s , and finally having my first crush ever it was on a guy , my best friend , and i fell for him hard before i knew what hit me , that i realized i could not handle marrying a girl , and i first realized what i ' d be missing if i were to be celibate . yeah , that was rough . before that and during that time , i actively kept myself from imagining what life would be like with a husband . i didn ' t want to think about it if i couldn ' t have it . i decided i had to be ok with celibacy before i could decide whether gay marriage was ok , and someone convinced me i also had to think about having a husband to be able to weigh the options . even now , i find it valuable to remind myself that it ' s unhealthy to think that i could not be ok living on my own i ' ve thought about it  i personally wouldn ' t be into hooking up , so for me the options are being celibate or being in a committed relationship . i tell myself , " if you could not imagine life without a husband , then digit you ' re not honestly able to consider the option fairly , and digit you will make an unhealthy partner for whomever you get involved with " that said , i think singleness is a better choice for some than others , and i think some are particularly suited fo in need of marriage  partnership . having made efforts to keep myself from being terribly biased obviously impossible to be completely unbiased , but i ' m big on unbiasedness , i really care , so i always tried my best to check myself , i considered the arguments , especially scripture . it ' s so much more confusing than so many christians give it credit for . i sincerely cannot respect intellectually the opinions of anyone who says , " the bible clearly says homosexuality is a sin , so that settles it " interestingly though , i absolutely feel equally little respect for anyone who says , " i don ' t see how anyone could ever think homosexuality could be wrong " if you ' re not a christian and you grew up in the modern culture , sure , why should you think it ' s wrong ? but for anyone else , anyone hoping to have any ear with christians , it grinds my gears because they are obviously just as thoughtless . you can find books , blog posts , videos , and certainly sermons on the verses themselves from all sorts of different hermeneutical perspectives , which you should do if you ' re a christian who cares . i think the old testament verses are less pertinent not irrelevant , though to this discussion than the new testament . short version of why that is  lv . is clearer in the language and original implications , but modern application given the rest of the ot ? super murky , honestly . for genesis , cultural context of gang rape plus ezekiel puts considerable doubt not complete doubt on the sodom and gomorrah story being relevant . nt is wondering what it ' s talking about where we have translated " homosexuality " in some versions , so that ' s something to talk about . continued in subcomment
   (ID: 80ae19b9093d92fad153af508f37fcd7cd9340ec)

2. okay so this comment is a little different than the answer your looking for but it kind of fits . i worked at a resturaunt as a server and had a manager who was really mean all the time and had such an attitude problem . she would piss off the guests in my section often and let them leave pissed off to write a bad review , on numerous occasions . she would shoulder check me and make fun of me in front of people and yell at me on the floor for something that wasn ' t done by me , wasn ' t even in my section and had literally nothing to do with me . and she has left me in tears often because of how badly she treated me . she also made a lot of really horrible calls like choosing to not tell me about guests special requests and letting them get mad at me for not being prepped on how they prefer things . they ' re rich assholes and prefer their experiences where they don ' t have to communicate the way they want things . which is completely opposite of how we treat the normal guests . but i wouldn ' t know that unless she taught me that . so she ' s made me look like an idiot on a couple of occasions . one night it was really busy and the sushi chef was behind so i had to wait a really long time for a roll for an appetizer . this table was very high maintenanced and picky so they were pissed . i asked the manager to move it along and talk to the table and she ignored me . finally i talk to the sushi chef he usually prefers no contact and i find out that the lines i put in on the computer to distinguish between apps and entrees just didn ' t show up . so i draw them on the paper and ask him for the roll asap . the manager should have been doing this because i needed to get to my tables and run my food . then i tell the manager about the problem with the specific computer and how it has been giving me trouble again . it happened at random since the very beginning of me working there . she gave me a horrible response about how there ' s nothing she can do about it . it my head lady , i still have the number of the posi support team in my phone from my old management job and i know that you can fix it . again , in my head . so i ' m upset because she had no regard for the happiness of my table . had no regard for the problem with the computer that was causing a lot of issues . and had no regard for helping me out which is her job . but again , she ' s a bully . so im in a hurry i ask the sushi chef for the entree roll and he hands it to me and i drop it at the table and apologize over and over again . in my head i ' m like i ' m just ganna split this sushi roll off the bill and tell them at the end i paid for it . i wasn ' t even going to ask the manager i was just ganna pay for it myself . so then i realize he hands me the wrong sushi roll and when the entree sushis come up its wrong because he gave me an entree one for app . so the sushi chef is fighting with me tooth to nail and i ' m telling him what i need and he ' s just saying no . and in my head i ' m like how can you fight against this . this is for the customer we need to fix the mistake and talk about it later for the happiness of the guests . i tell the manager i need her help again and she starts yelling and screaming in my face about how i should know the difference . so i said out loud " the sushi chef didn ' t know the difference either . it ' s busy . i need my roll for the table there should be no arguing about it " . so i basically undermined her at that point . then she pulls me to the side to say that i have no right to fight with her , i was acting like a child and tried to threaten me with the owner . whom was sitting right in front of the sushi station and didn ' t even offer a helping hand to get the problem solved efficiently . then i ' m so fed up i start literally crying . saying i don ' t care was the owner says at this point i need the help when there ' s an issue and instead all i do is get yelled at . then she says we ' ll talk about it later . we never did . i worked there for a year and had a lot of shifts and was really good with the guests and always had compliments . about a week later i came down with the flu really bad and kept showing up to work anyway . i was literally throwing up in the bathroom on between tables for days there . i called out once because no one would cover me and i needed to get better . i even gave them ample amount of time to motivate someone else to come in . then i went to work for a couple days again . and i was getting worse . finally it was so bad one day that i had no voice was throwing up with diarrhea , had snot continously dripping from my nose and could get my swollen eyes to stop tearing . so i called out . and the next day this bitch had me fired . they fired me . i loved that place . i loved the people i worked with . i loved the kitchen crew and the guests . i have never been so sad about leaving a job . i have also never been on bad terms with a job before either . but her awful professionalism to handle situations in a correct manner for the guests directly resulted in me losing my job .
   (ID: 9981a65782780477b53d712e936b6997a4092240)

3. so , let  s break this down , folks .  i beg the principle by which you derive the conclusion that he is in debt owing to his donators . the very nature of donation implies no need for reimbursement . if a refund were a reasonable expectation , then that implies something had been purchased . in fact , no such trade was agreed upon . people willingly donated to support the arts they appreciated specifically spoony ' s . this was not a loan situation . why must so many people die on this indefensible hill ? from the patreon community guidelines page   patreon is for artists , creators , and people who bring ideas . don  t put up fake pages or collect money for things you  re not actually doing . you also can  t use patreon as a prank or to fund non  activity .  that seems very clearly what spoony is doing . collecting money for things he is not actually doing .  giving out of love or support , even if it is for a person ' s product and not just for themselves , comes with no strings attached . if you give , or if another gives , and then demand return on the investment , that is a false gift , and you are reneging , or in other words cheating on your gift children call it indian giving , but that is offensive for obvious reasons . it is an extremely bad sign of character . it is not presented by spoony as  no strings attached  . he attached them when he put rewards up . rewards he is not delivering on . it is a gift exchange , agreed upon by both parties . i give him something , he gives me something . so far , he has gotten a lot of somethings and given barely any back out .  everyone keeps calling him a scammer , but the very nature of his supposed promises on patreon is that they are supposed to be projects that he would attempt , and or things and activities that he would try to give back to show appreciation for the support of those donating fans . correct . and he has seemingly failed to even attempt many of these activities .  it is ridiculous to inflate his lack of production into some kind of premeditated , draconic , dastardly , mustache curling scam to gain money , and then screw himself out of the money that he so cleverly thieved away by very cleverly destroying his source of income . does anyone really take this premise seriously ? do you think he is a scheming thief or a bungling failure ? he ' s either good at robbing , or bad at making a living . which one is it ? premeditated ? probably not . bungling failure is probably the closest to the truth . the dude is fucking himself over , which is sad .  there ' s one very simple answer to anyone who claims that spoony orchestrated a planned scheme to steal from his fans and is thus guilty of theft  why would you steal from people who are already paying you for next to no work ? why in the name of reason would anyone choose to fuck over their main support in favor of . essentially nothing positive ? it makes no sense . indeed , it does make no sense . which is why i  m surprised he  s doing it . he really either needs to just throw in the towel and call it quits or start producing again . this limbo state his patreon and site are in is just a sign of what many perceive as apathy at best and wholly dishonest at worst .  just let it go . you ' re angry at the guy because you ' re either a millennial that feels like they deserve to be treated as more of a priority , or you ' re from generation x and you grew up thinking life was business and money , and any kind of moving of money is necessarily a purchase of goods or services and must be rewarded in some way . i  m not angry at noah . i  m really not . i  m actually sad that i get no content from him , because i really enjoyed it . and your strawmen arguments hold no sway here . it is very simple  by putting up rewards , he agreed to provide them in return for money . he has consistently failed to do so . no more , no less .  if the case is the former , then please try to remember that the man is only a flawed human , who happens to be unfortunately not so good at sustaining his own productivity for reasons that really aren ' t your concern . if the case is the latter , then you need to catch up with the world , or you ' re going to have some serious issues in the future as we continue to progress as a technological and information based society . they say generals always fight the last war . well , things are moving at the pace of progress right now , and it is observably mathematically evident that society is evolving at an exponential rate . your childhood does not represent even the world of twenty years later at this point , and you need to adapt . be flexible and try to understand that those acts of donation on the internet in no way come with a bill of sale , contract of reimbursement , or value estimation . yes , he is flawed . and he is not owning up to those flaws and admitting defeat or conquering them to become a better creator . he is just ignoring his patrons . now , the middle of that is a bunch of meaningless platitudes that have no bearing on the conversation , so i  ll skip to the end  these donations did come with an expectation of reimbursement . by spoony . himself . he said that if you give him x amount of money , he would give you y content . that . is . a . business . transaction .
   (ID: 73a501f273781aa2c0deb878ecb02dcab3a9d4d3)

4. not at all . those are really great questions and oerfectly normal for you to he wondering about . mimd you , i ' m also not a professional so this is more a matter of opinion from personal experience . not those few things just makes a person a narc . there will be other signs for you to able to know . its true when they say , the similiarities between stories between people who have been abused by a narc are uncanny . there are so many signs that play into a narcissist that it will go so far back into your relationship you will feel like there has been a blindfold lifted from your eyes when you start putting it all together . and for me , i used to make up excuses for my nex . he used to ignore me to no end . if we were in an argument . he never once would apologize and admit he ' s wrong . he never once would say " i understand where you are coming from " . he would forcefully put me down in any way he could to get to me . so the majority of the time his tactic would be to ignore me , " avoid " and wait it out until i gave in and let thr matter fall under the table . when i didn ' t let up and never let thr matter go , i would withstand the horrible horrible things he would say to me and still stand tall defending myself . its then he would say something along the lines of " i ' m just not good at it " . and i was letting him use that lie for so long . it was just am excuse he made up to get him off the hook . and this is why . any person is capable of meeting you in the middle . someone who is on the narc spectrum usually is not . anyone is capabke of holding themselves accountable and acknowledging your feelings . a narc is not . but they can pretend when forced to if it comes down to it . i used to question it too and let that excuse be used . sure , there are plenty of partners out there who have a terribly hard time with confrontation . have a hard time dealing with issues snd stress . cant effectively communicate . but are those same guys gaslighting you to no end ? are thise same guys love bombing you ? using triangulation techniques to make you feel smaller and crazier than what you are ? are those same guys manipulating you to make you believe that you are the wrong one always ? that ' s not normal . that kind of thing doesnt happen in a proper relationship . not one person is always wrong . is that same person using the hot and cold technique to make you feel as if you need to over compensate i ' m order to earn their love back ? to make you put a part of yourself aside so that you can be more acceptable for them ? those types of things do not happen in a happily functioning relationship . so my answer is , no not those one thing will make a person a narc . but the accumulation of manipulative techniques does . and it can only be confirmed by a real professional , which i am not . but i do feel pretty educated seeing as i have been putting a lot of research and evaluation into my own personal situation . and my nex is bot the first narc in my life either . what really confirmed it for me is a pretty recent event . he threw a giant surprise party for our mutual friend and didnt invite me . when i called him out on it he then started gaslighting me by turning the situation around on me and saying i never come around . my argumemt is how could i come around if in not invited . he then started saying horrible things to me about how no one likes me and i am not good enough and i would have made the entire party about myself projection and ruoned the entire thing . so i blocked him on all forms . except i forgot to block email . i brought it to a level i never would have done in the past . a couple of days later i received a huge apology for everything he knows that bothered me . he should have treated me right . treated me for the gem that i am . he should have apologized more . he should have been there more . been more involved with my family . been more supportive if my goals and future . i taught him what love really is . he should have treated me better . well , two emails later he turned around and started saying how horrible i am . gas lighting i am lying and manipulative projection . i am not responsible more sensible enough of a person to know when i ' m right or wrong and i can ' t tell the difference . i don ' t deserve to be in a relationship because i am not good enough to hold someone else ' s heart in my hands . he feels sorry for me . and i have a long road ahead of me . digit  of the memories he has of me in the last digit years i made him miserable . oh , he also said that my therapist doesn ' t know the real me . only the me that they ' re being paid to know ajd they ' re only being nice to me because they are being paid too . so you see , he love bombed me basically and then turned around and threw it in my face . it makes the original apology void . in the past , i would not have blocked him . i would not have stood my ground snd gone no contact . in the past i would have accepted that maybe i wasnt good enough to be at that party and i really would have ruined it . that no one would want me there . i would have let him ignore me . i would hsve accepted the excuse that he ' s just not good at communicating . well , thats all bullshit because i ' ve been dealing with it for digit years . and there ' s always a lie . and always an excuse . and it was always followed by being ignored . and i would let him do it . and then he would wait it out without saying a word and then come back to me like nothing ever happened . but since i didn ' t this time it resulted in a major love bombing and gas lighting that hit the nail on the head for me . i hope that offers you some insight . i ' m sorry its a lot to read but i really wanted to give you a lot so you can develop your own opinion on it since i can ' t quite answer that question from you in a professional manner .
   (ID: 9981a65782780477b53d712e936b6997a4092240)

5. for me , the hermeneutic most valuable after wading through all the nitty gritty you do first have to go through all the nitty gritty , though is authorial intent . it tries to soothe problems of other objective  seeming lenses that dive deep into the language it ' s not necessarily exclusive of other hermeneutic lenses though . it can be summed up as , " what does paul actually mean when he ' s writing this " factor in cultural context which i do think is important , and you can ask , " would paul condemn the modern homosexuality we know today " honestly , i think he might . it ' s really hard to say . i agonized over this so hard for so long , and i only started to agonize less over it when i started to be suicidal , nihilistic , and to doubt my faith as a whole . also , i felt more and more compelled by the evidence of these few gay people i knew who had come out and gotten married who were so so so much happier than when they had been closeted gay christians . the celibate gay christians i knew were also happier to have come to a steady position , and for those who were out to be out . they obviously were still bearing a difficult cross though , as we say . married people talk about how hard marriage is , and it is , but when they were single they were looking hopefully toward marriage , and they really cannot compare the two that well . the people who commit to and live out singleness and celibacy when they would really love to get married , now that ' s hard . this evidence made me think a few things held loosely , and always with my investigation of scripture in mind  digit accepting that you ' ll probably never be straight is healthy , digit coming out is healthy , if no one will kick you out and you will have some support , digit marriage is healthy , if it doesn ' t violate your conscience . these flew in the face of the scriptures anyway . that is , even if paul would have condemned modern homosexuality . no , i should not say that . these reasonable but not ironclad conclusions , based on personal experience and that one study of lgbt mormons that john dehlin et . al . did , would seem to fly in the face of conservative  traditional interpretation of paul ' s writings . so many christians i would have grown up trusting had it not been for turning out gay said the " gay lifestyle " was destructive . by which they meant any life that included gay relationships would cease to have god ' s blessings , to whatever extent his blessings exist on earth . they said that calling myself gay was throwing out the godly inheritance i had received , that i won ' t be saved , and they said a lot more . we ' re on reddit where i can only hope we ' ve all learned to thicken our skin against such verbal attacks , but i mean , like , coming from your mom , that ' s really hurtful , really dire stuff . she wouldn ' t let me talk to my younger siblings about being gay , and blames be entirely for the distance that has grown between us . i ' m gonna try to keep myself from tearing up right now . i think you can tell that i can ' t be completely unbiased because it ' s very personal . but if one of those " lifestyles " is supposedly right and the other wrong , it ' s gotta be my conservative christian mom who ' s wrong , and the progressive , liberal , christians or non christians who are right . and yeah i just divided the christians and placed some of them with non  christians and called that the better group . which means that on this topic , " christianity " might not be as good as other things at showing how to live a good , right life . which leads me to why i doubt my faith . ultimately , i feel it ' s no consolation to live in the system that is " biblically consistent " when it is so obviously wrong . scripture may condemn homosexual behavior not self  identification , i believe , but i feel like there ' s little to no evidence outside of scripture to support claims that homosexuality is wrong , and there is in fact some evidence to support that it ' s really very healthy for naturally homosexual people to pursue homosexual relationships . so non  christian people are getting life right by listening , thinking it through , and being willing to change their culture , while christians are largely unwilling to do the same , but those who are willing have to rework their doctrine . and then it ' s true , i could be left with the option of any of several progressive versions of christianity , but at this point , why should i ? if christianity is not a help and guide , but is rather something that needs to be corrected all the time to allow for truth and healthiness  if it is almost just a hindrance to living a good life , why should i be a christian ? i wouldn ' t . then the only thing left is just god . let god be true , and every man a liar , right ? well , ok , so i entertain the thought that a lot of what i thought about god is wrong , but that he ' s still there , and he still loves perfectly . but i feel like i ' d need to actually be shown that he really is there , that something supernatural is in the world , more than just the nihilistic world i can see . i am already missing so much of my formefading christian life , but one thing i did not expect to miss is the songs . i realize now how i always got so emotionally invested in the worship songs . i can be excited , but otherwise my emotions are guarded , especially negative ones . i am almost never visibly angry , upset , etc with or around people , but i have literally been trained since infancy , no since i was in the womb , to pour my heart out in christian worships songs . so i am accustomed to feeling my strongest emotions while singing . you know how crying is cathartic ? i have such strong inhibitions around crying that i can rarely manage it , even when i need to , but emotionally pouring myself into songs is the next best thing . or maybe it ' s even better . but it ' s so hard now that i don ' t really agree with the lyrics of christian songs , because there ' s nothing else i know that ' s deeply emotional and contemplative . i went through that phase as reformed young people do where i hated all those shallow worship songs that are just constantly saying vapid combinations of the same words and phrases , and then i found my favorite singer , audrey assad . and her new album , which i have early ' cause i pledged to help fund it , is kind of all about this . this place of almost abandoning faith , but then finding that last kernel of it , which is raw and pure and so healing . plus a lot of her music and faith journey has led up to it . and it ' s just so heartbreaking for me , because as much as i love her and respect her , as well as so many of my christian friends who are truly being thoughtful with their faith , i just don ' t feel like i ' m landing there . and as much as i ' d love to just choose to believe , i feel much too dedicated to the need to believe only what i find is actually right and true . i don ' t think it will work for me . it would be tricking myself into believing something that i don ' t really think is true . i can ' t stand most instances of just believing sans evidence . so many other things in life are clearly bad to believe just because you want to believe them . i feel like i would have to believe based on a better reason than that . but now it ' s so lonely and sad , because i ' m losing a dear means of emotional handling  release prayer and songs , and i ' m losing all my friends . they won ' t ostracize me , but it ' s just different when one of a group of really dedicated christians leaves the faith . yes , pretty much all of my friends are christians , and all so devout . for those who know how i feel lately , it ' s really hard for them too . i am preparing to tell my parents , which is actually even harder than , though obviously related to , coming out as gay .
   (ID: 80ae19b9093d92fad153af508f37fcd7cd9340ec)

6. so i don ' t have personal experience with this yet , but i have wanted to change my name for about digit years now . i ' m about to finish college and might be moving away soon , so now seems like a pretty good time to go through with it . anyway , to answer your questions  1a as far as i can tell , most places that require a formal change e . g . your job , bank accounts , ect . are able to easily change people ' s names in their system probably because of people changing their name when they get married so that should be fairly straightforward . some places  like banks  may require proof that the name change is legal , but just show them a copy of the deed poll . please note  i live in the uk  the rules might be different where you live . 1b i ' ve found it really helpful to talk to a friend about changing my name . i told a couple of friends , but we ' ve only spoken about it on skype , never face  to  face , but recently i ' ve been talking to one of my friends about it in real life , not online , and it ' s so affirming , if that makes sense . before , i felt like it was all in my head , but having someone to talk to about it and again i emphasise a face  to  face discussion makes it feel not  weird . she ' s even offered suggestions for me . digit as far as explaining it to people goes , i haven ' t really had to fully explain my reasons to anyone . none of my friends really asked why , or if they did , they were satisfied with the ' i just hate my name and i am able to change it , so why shouldn ' t i ? ' explanation . i plan on having different ' levels ' of explanation , depending on who asks . so the first level would be ' because i want to ' which would be for acquaintances and people i don ' t know very well . then ' growing up , i really didn ' t like my name . it caused me a lot of grief , and i decided to move away from that , ' for the next level , for people i know better , and then for people i know really well and trust , the last level would be the full story , which is quite long and this message is long enough as it is but i ' m happy to share if you ' re interested . digit in the dating world , if you ' ve never met them before , just introduce yourself with your new name . they won ' t know that you were ever called anything else . you can tell them about your name change in time , but there ' s no need to do it right away . digit i mean , there ' s no limit on the number of times you can change your name that i know of anyway but if you change it too often , i think people will stop taking it seriously , or just get mixed up with which name you have at any given time . once you have a good idea of the name you want to use , try introducing yourself with it online . if your username doesn ' t have any actual names in it like mine here then you can introduce yourself with a different name to each person if you want , and just see if one feels right . when you ' re comfortable with that , try using it as a username . i ' d recommend getting people to call you the new name socially before you legally change it , so you can get used to it , and it won ' t be too much of a hassle if you change your mind . lastly , i would like to add that you ' re not a fraud . it feels weird at first and lots of people who change their name feel as if they ' re lying when they use their new name . you ' re not . you ' re used to being called one thing and now you ' re answering to something different , and that takes time to get used to . don ' t let anyone make you feel bad about it .
   (ID: 101eeb53846c81b36d32c33e2b4260cb3e4ac576)


============================================================
