CLUSTER 0
============================================================
Total statements in cluster: 9
Cluster persistence (stability): 0.993

Dataset distribution in this cluster:
  PER-CHAT: 9 (100.0%)

============================================================

SAMPLE STATEMENTS FROM EACH DATASET:


--- PER-CHAT ---
Total from this dataset: 9

1. oh jeez . honestly . my recent ex has said so many horrible things to me not one sticks out on my mind anymore . just the most recent horrible things . the last thing he said before i blocked him on everything was that my therapist was being paid to be nice to me . one thing that stands out the most . he called my rape " what you did " . he calls it " what you did to me " . he said that because of it i was vile and disgusting and he says that i need to take responsibility for it . he also posted it all online only he changed it to make it seem like i was cheating on him . and he said that digit  of the memories he has of me in the last five years are filled with misery . when i tell him what he ' s saying is absolutely horrible he responds by telling me that i ' m being disrespectful . and that i dont know how wrong i am . he said i shouldn ' t be allowed to be in a relationships with anyone . i don ' t deserve it . that he feels sorry for me because i dont have any sensibility . he even went as far as to play the popular card . everyone likes him better . blah blah . its all really horrible stuff . hes lucky that i dont believe him because that stuff can really break a person . i mean really break someone . theres so many other things . digit years worth of horrible things . i didn ' t realize how bad they were back then though . i think back then i believed them . now i dont because i know hell say just about anything to make me feel worthless .
   (ID: 9981a65782780477b53d712e936b6997a4092240)

2. i lose a dozen brain cells for every fox news article i attempt to read . don lemon is right . the gop is so desperate for digit to do something positive that when he does the slightest thing that seems correct in the midst of all the bullshit he does  he gets praised like he turned water to wine . a bad person doing a decent thing doesn  t make them a good person . it makes them an opportunist .
   (ID: 60a31a4071ae4962f2a308822d53a634a3760fa1)

3. for me , the hermeneutic most valuable after wading through all the nitty gritty you do first have to go through all the nitty gritty , though is authorial intent . it tries to soothe problems of other objective  seeming lenses that dive deep into the language it ' s not necessarily exclusive of other hermeneutic lenses though . it can be summed up as , " what does paul actually mean when he ' s writing this " factor in cultural context which i do think is important , and you can ask , " would paul condemn the modern homosexuality we know today " honestly , i think he might . it ' s really hard to say . i agonized over this so hard for so long , and i only started to agonize less over it when i started to be suicidal , nihilistic , and to doubt my faith as a whole . also , i felt more and more compelled by the evidence of these few gay people i knew who had come out and gotten married who were so so so much happier than when they had been closeted gay christians . the celibate gay christians i knew were also happier to have come to a steady position , and for those who were out to be out . they obviously were still bearing a difficult cross though , as we say . married people talk about how hard marriage is , and it is , but when they were single they were looking hopefully toward marriage , and they really cannot compare the two that well . the people who commit to and live out singleness and celibacy when they would really love to get married , now that ' s hard . this evidence made me think a few things held loosely , and always with my investigation of scripture in mind  digit accepting that you ' ll probably never be straight is healthy , digit coming out is healthy , if no one will kick you out and you will have some support , digit marriage is healthy , if it doesn ' t violate your conscience . these flew in the face of the scriptures anyway . that is , even if paul would have condemned modern homosexuality . no , i should not say that . these reasonable but not ironclad conclusions , based on personal experience and that one study of lgbt mormons that john dehlin et . al . did , would seem to fly in the face of conservative  traditional interpretation of paul ' s writings . so many christians i would have grown up trusting had it not been for turning out gay said the " gay lifestyle " was destructive . by which they meant any life that included gay relationships would cease to have god ' s blessings , to whatever extent his blessings exist on earth . they said that calling myself gay was throwing out the godly inheritance i had received , that i won ' t be saved , and they said a lot more . we ' re on reddit where i can only hope we ' ve all learned to thicken our skin against such verbal attacks , but i mean , like , coming from your mom , that ' s really hurtful , really dire stuff . she wouldn ' t let me talk to my younger siblings about being gay , and blames be entirely for the distance that has grown between us . i ' m gonna try to keep myself from tearing up right now . i think you can tell that i can ' t be completely unbiased because it ' s very personal . but if one of those " lifestyles " is supposedly right and the other wrong , it ' s gotta be my conservative christian mom who ' s wrong , and the progressive , liberal , christians or non christians who are right . and yeah i just divided the christians and placed some of them with non  christians and called that the better group . which means that on this topic , " christianity " might not be as good as other things at showing how to live a good , right life . which leads me to why i doubt my faith . ultimately , i feel it ' s no consolation to live in the system that is " biblically consistent " when it is so obviously wrong . scripture may condemn homosexual behavior not self  identification , i believe , but i feel like there ' s little to no evidence outside of scripture to support claims that homosexuality is wrong , and there is in fact some evidence to support that it ' s really very healthy for naturally homosexual people to pursue homosexual relationships . so non  christian people are getting life right by listening , thinking it through , and being willing to change their culture , while christians are largely unwilling to do the same , but those who are willing have to rework their doctrine . and then it ' s true , i could be left with the option of any of several progressive versions of christianity , but at this point , why should i ? if christianity is not a help and guide , but is rather something that needs to be corrected all the time to allow for truth and healthiness  if it is almost just a hindrance to living a good life , why should i be a christian ? i wouldn ' t . then the only thing left is just god . let god be true , and every man a liar , right ? well , ok , so i entertain the thought that a lot of what i thought about god is wrong , but that he ' s still there , and he still loves perfectly . but i feel like i ' d need to actually be shown that he really is there , that something supernatural is in the world , more than just the nihilistic world i can see . i am already missing so much of my formefading christian life , but one thing i did not expect to miss is the songs . i realize now how i always got so emotionally invested in the worship songs . i can be excited , but otherwise my emotions are guarded , especially negative ones . i am almost never visibly angry , upset , etc with or around people , but i have literally been trained since infancy , no since i was in the womb , to pour my heart out in christian worships songs . so i am accustomed to feeling my strongest emotions while singing . you know how crying is cathartic ? i have such strong inhibitions around crying that i can rarely manage it , even when i need to , but emotionally pouring myself into songs is the next best thing . or maybe it ' s even better . but it ' s so hard now that i don ' t really agree with the lyrics of christian songs , because there ' s nothing else i know that ' s deeply emotional and contemplative . i went through that phase as reformed young people do where i hated all those shallow worship songs that are just constantly saying vapid combinations of the same words and phrases , and then i found my favorite singer , audrey assad . and her new album , which i have early ' cause i pledged to help fund it , is kind of all about this . this place of almost abandoning faith , but then finding that last kernel of it , which is raw and pure and so healing . plus a lot of her music and faith journey has led up to it . and it ' s just so heartbreaking for me , because as much as i love her and respect her , as well as so many of my christian friends who are truly being thoughtful with their faith , i just don ' t feel like i ' m landing there . and as much as i ' d love to just choose to believe , i feel much too dedicated to the need to believe only what i find is actually right and true . i don ' t think it will work for me . it would be tricking myself into believing something that i don ' t really think is true . i can ' t stand most instances of just believing sans evidence . so many other things in life are clearly bad to believe just because you want to believe them . i feel like i would have to believe based on a better reason than that . but now it ' s so lonely and sad , because i ' m losing a dear means of emotional handling  release prayer and songs , and i ' m losing all my friends . they won ' t ostracize me , but it ' s just different when one of a group of really dedicated christians leaves the faith . yes , pretty much all of my friends are christians , and all so devout . for those who know how i feel lately , it ' s really hard for them too . i am preparing to tell my parents , which is actually even harder than , though obviously related to , coming out as gay .
   (ID: 80ae19b9093d92fad153af508f37fcd7cd9340ec)

4. let me hedge  disclaim before my super long answer  i ' m not sure about my faith right now . i ' m pretty inclined to stop saying i ' m a christian because , at this point , i just don ' t really believe in god . but it ' s complicated and i go back and forth . all my life i ' ve been a devout christian , so i feel i can provide relevant perspective to this question . i do get emotional and depressing at the end , so maybe don ' t read this if you will be depressed to read about why i am probably stopping being a christian . tl  dr which obviously misses the point , but oh well  don ' t love it  almost hate it , but i ' m suicidal anyway , so . probably not . some verses nt matter more than others . i could go either way . if we assume scriptural inerrancy , i lean toward the traditional view . if not , i lean toward saying paul was wrong , and that ' s ok , the bible can still be valuable . long version  digit . i do not love being gay . it ' s hard . do i hate it ? well , as others have said , i think the problem is with other people and society for making it so hard for gay people . just the same , i would rather not have been gay because being gay in my family  cultural context caused me to become a secretive person and i became depressed and suicidal . still am , but doing better . i think it ' s my suicidality that lets me say i ' d rather not be gay . i ' ll explain . i think lots of people , not just queer people , might look back on difficulties but when asked they ' d say , " i wouldn ' t change anything . those things have made me who i am today " like not getting into your top college choice , but then loving your life and friends after getting established at the one you did go to . you can ' t imagine your life without your friends , etc . there ' s often a sense that , since things are great now , i wouldn ' t want to change the past , ' cause then things would be worse . but i think that obviously doesn ' t make sense because you have no idea what would have happened . i think really , people don ' t want to die , and imagining yourself as a completely different person , is like imagining that someone else altogether had taken your place in life , and that ' s like never having existed . it ' s a known philosophical question with lots of related thought experiments like theseus ' ship and the star trek teleporter and others . you can find good youtube videos about it from crash course and cgpgrey . anyway , when you ' re suicidal , you often wish you had never existed . but it ' s really tricky thinking about questions like , " what if i had never been born " what i mean to say is , there is a line where being a " different " version of yourself , would be like not existing , and someone else taking your place . insignificant things about your life and recent things usually don ' t seem to define your identity , so they could be different without that existential threat . being gay has shaped so much of my life after the age i realized which was late relative to my peers that i am only ok saying , " i ' d rather not have been gay , " because i ' d also rather not have lived . harder question  " if you could stop being gay now , would you " answer  tempting but no , because so many christians around me would give other gay people an even harder time about stopping being gay . that ' s not how it works and i don ' t want a selfish miracle for just me . the good parts of being gay ? it has forced me to be more thoughtful , and to be kinder to minorities of all kinds . there ' s more to it than that , but the bad parts are easy to figure out . i think the good parts will be further revealed as i live my life going forward , given that i ' ve resolved not to kill myself . maybe one day i ' ll love being gay . digit and digit . my concept of sin changed throughout my life . sin could be thought of like breaking rules . ok , not too bad a definition , i guess . later i thought of it more like , " in any given situation , there are choices , and some would be wrong . that ' s sin " then i thought of it like , " just be in relationship with god . the rules we ' ve come up with may be right , but they shouldn ' t be the source of the information . we should just be really close to god , then we ' ll always know what ' s sin " still later this changed from a notion of " we ' ll know because god will tell us when we need to know " to " we ' ll know because we will have trained our hearts to love what he loves " this was a key moment in my faith , when lots of other things were also going on . i could explain it from a lot of angles , but it was important . we can ' t just claim to be right because we ' re hooked up to god , because so many disagreeing people have done and still do that . we need humility so that we can hear criticism and hope to apply it , and we need reason  so that we can recognize good criticism . different faith traditions have different doctrine on how we decide what ' s right . i like the anglican and wesleyan doctrines  scripture  tradition  reason  spirit i think . people criticize american evangelicals and others e . g . the gospel coalition , " reformed " traditions , which is basically what i have been for being all scripture and no tradition . people criticize catholicism and orthodoxy for being all tradition . humorously , you could say that episcopalians who are anglicans and pentecostals probably both get criticism for relying too much on just following the spirit , though in really different ways . consistently in all areas of christianity in my experience , there is the belief that it is very possible to rely too much on reason alone . i spent a while it was several years , but i can ' t say it was a long time because others have spent much longer believing that i would simply have to not act on my attractions toward other guys . much of that time i also believed i could change to stop having them . i have always wanted to be a dad and a spouse , still do , when i ' m not too depressed , so i just thought i ' d marry a woman , or maybe be celibate if that seemed better . i was a really really persistently happy person , and besides as a conservative christian teen , you don ' t have pressure about finding a spouse yet until you ' re digit , then go ahead and get married as soon as possible , so it was only in college , having friends with so ' s , and finally having my first crush ever it was on a guy , my best friend , and i fell for him hard before i knew what hit me , that i realized i could not handle marrying a girl , and i first realized what i ' d be missing if i were to be celibate . yeah , that was rough . before that and during that time , i actively kept myself from imagining what life would be like with a husband . i didn ' t want to think about it if i couldn ' t have it . i decided i had to be ok with celibacy before i could decide whether gay marriage was ok , and someone convinced me i also had to think about having a husband to be able to weigh the options . even now , i find it valuable to remind myself that it ' s unhealthy to think that i could not be ok living on my own i ' ve thought about it  i personally wouldn ' t be into hooking up , so for me the options are being celibate or being in a committed relationship . i tell myself , " if you could not imagine life without a husband , then digit you ' re not honestly able to consider the option fairly , and digit you will make an unhealthy partner for whomever you get involved with " that said , i think singleness is a better choice for some than others , and i think some are particularly suited fo in need of marriage  partnership . having made efforts to keep myself from being terribly biased obviously impossible to be completely unbiased , but i ' m big on unbiasedness , i really care , so i always tried my best to check myself , i considered the arguments , especially scripture . it ' s so much more confusing than so many christians give it credit for . i sincerely cannot respect intellectually the opinions of anyone who says , " the bible clearly says homosexuality is a sin , so that settles it " interestingly though , i absolutely feel equally little respect for anyone who says , " i don ' t see how anyone could ever think homosexuality could be wrong " if you ' re not a christian and you grew up in the modern culture , sure , why should you think it ' s wrong ? but for anyone else , anyone hoping to have any ear with christians , it grinds my gears because they are obviously just as thoughtless . you can find books , blog posts , videos , and certainly sermons on the verses themselves from all sorts of different hermeneutical perspectives , which you should do if you ' re a christian who cares . i think the old testament verses are less pertinent not irrelevant , though to this discussion than the new testament . short version of why that is  lv . is clearer in the language and original implications , but modern application given the rest of the ot ? super murky , honestly . for genesis , cultural context of gang rape plus ezekiel puts considerable doubt not complete doubt on the sodom and gomorrah story being relevant . nt is wondering what it ' s talking about where we have translated " homosexuality " in some versions , so that ' s something to talk about . continued in subcomment
   (ID: 80ae19b9093d92fad153af508f37fcd7cd9340ec)

5. " sir . " i try to interject but the old bearded man keeps shouting . " i can ' t find a damn thing in this place ! " his face has turned a boiling red , in contrast with his milky white eyes . steam shoots from his ears . " sir ! you ' re looking in the wrong cupboard ! " i shout , " sit down ! let me help you ! " " speak up , boy , i can barely hear you . " he grumbles , " sit down ? oh fine . " i pull up a chair and he settles down into it . " teacup ! " he shouts , and i hurry to retrieve one . i place it in his left hand and he points his right finger at it . a stream of boiling water pours from the tip of his finger like the spout of a teapot . i hand him a tea bag . " so what were you looking for , sir ? " " ahh . just an old book . what ' s the point anyway ? i can ' t even read the thing . can you read ancient greek ? " i admit that i can ' t and avoid mentioning that we are in the kitchen , not the library . i also don ' t know my way around very well , so i ' m a bit relieved . the building we are in is not a conventional home . it is a grand , curling spire dozens of stories high . this would be a problem for the old man if he were not able to float , up or down , straight through the center of the spiral staircase , easily arriving at a floor usually the wrong one much faster than i can climb the steps . " why did you need the book , sir ? " i ask , " what are we doing today ? " " ah the village by the river has a bridge troll they need taken care of . the messengers are on their way here now . " i know better than to ask how he knows this . he continues , " i remember the spell anyway . no one else can be bothered to learn the stupid things . " or no one has the ability . the old man , while grumpy and difficult , is also the greatest wizard alive . he is known as the wizard with no name although he hates the title , assuring me he does have a name . he also says his name is probably unpronounceable for me and might make my heart stop beating . i have been his assistant for digit weeks , in exchange only for room and board . i am an orphan and this is the only apprenticeship i can find , although i know i have been treated much better in town since becoming associated with the wizard . just then , i hear the loud knocker at the front door bang through the tower . " well ? " the old wizard says , " get a move on . " i hustle down the hundreds of steps , watch the wizard float down past me , and arrive at the door as he waves his hand and it slowly opens . two horsemen stand outside with four horses , wearing the light armor of provincial soldiers . the messengers jump a bit then take a step forward . " great wizard ! " one begins , " we have traveled fifty miles to retrieve you ! our town is under attack . " " bridge troll ! " the wizard loudly interrupts . " it ' s just a damn bridge troll and you fools can ' t simply kill the thing . but fine , i ' ll deal with your troll in exchange for a small yearly tithe . " the messengers cringe , knowing how poor their town is , but the wizard doesn ' t see the reaction and they agree on a portion of the harvest for the payment . the wizard smiles , " good ! now that payment is settled , where are your horses ? i know i ' ve been smelling some . " i lead the wizard to a horse and he floats onto it while the soldiers gape . i mount one beside him . " take your time getting back , " he says to them , " it should all be cleared up by then . " we trot off but all movement by the horse seems uncomfortable to the wizard . strangely he nudges his horse to go faster and faster and i urge mine to match him . as we ride the horses seem to bounce less and less . one lets out a loud whinny and i look down to see that their hooves are floating above the surface of the ground . the horses seem to know where they ' re going because at this point the wizard is feeling around in his beard for fuzz or food . we arrive in the town in two hours , much faster than the eight hours the fifty miles would normally take . as soon as we near the perimeter i hear the sound of fire and screams . we slow our horses and trot forward until the troll comes into view . it is a monstrous beast , taller than rooftops , grabbing women and children where it can while the men fight to hold it back and secure the town ' s population in the large central church . " how big is it ? " the wizard asks . " about digit feet tall ? " i guess . he chuckles , " they ' ve been procrastinating , huh ? alright bring me to it ? " " bring you . to it ? " i ask hesitantly . " don ' t make me repeat myself boy . how else am i supposed to handle it ? " i shudder then grab his horse ' s lead . i walk our horses through the town . the soldiers shout at us to get back as we pass their perimeter and we ignore them . eighty yards away the troll notices us . " he saw us , " i say , " straight ahead . " " good , " the wizard smiles . he cracks his long fingers . suddenly , a flurry of words burst out of his mouth . in it , i hear what seem to be thousands of unique sounds adding up to dozens of languages . i hear a goat ' s bleat , snake ' s hiss and baby ' s laugh . i hear words that sound as powerful as crashing waves and silences as deep as the moment before dawn . my vision shrinks into a black tunnel until suddenly the words stop . i see the bridge troll frozen in place . it slowly falls with a huge crash like a massive tree . " good , " the old wizard grins , " now show me to the food . i ' m hungry . "
   (ID: ba6d1d2cee95e9f30e06dc1584d5fa02e62221e8)

6. not at all . those are really great questions and oerfectly normal for you to he wondering about . mimd you , i ' m also not a professional so this is more a matter of opinion from personal experience . not those few things just makes a person a narc . there will be other signs for you to able to know . its true when they say , the similiarities between stories between people who have been abused by a narc are uncanny . there are so many signs that play into a narcissist that it will go so far back into your relationship you will feel like there has been a blindfold lifted from your eyes when you start putting it all together . and for me , i used to make up excuses for my nex . he used to ignore me to no end . if we were in an argument . he never once would apologize and admit he ' s wrong . he never once would say " i understand where you are coming from " . he would forcefully put me down in any way he could to get to me . so the majority of the time his tactic would be to ignore me , " avoid " and wait it out until i gave in and let thr matter fall under the table . when i didn ' t let up and never let thr matter go , i would withstand the horrible horrible things he would say to me and still stand tall defending myself . its then he would say something along the lines of " i ' m just not good at it " . and i was letting him use that lie for so long . it was just am excuse he made up to get him off the hook . and this is why . any person is capable of meeting you in the middle . someone who is on the narc spectrum usually is not . anyone is capabke of holding themselves accountable and acknowledging your feelings . a narc is not . but they can pretend when forced to if it comes down to it . i used to question it too and let that excuse be used . sure , there are plenty of partners out there who have a terribly hard time with confrontation . have a hard time dealing with issues snd stress . cant effectively communicate . but are those same guys gaslighting you to no end ? are thise same guys love bombing you ? using triangulation techniques to make you feel smaller and crazier than what you are ? are those same guys manipulating you to make you believe that you are the wrong one always ? that ' s not normal . that kind of thing doesnt happen in a proper relationship . not one person is always wrong . is that same person using the hot and cold technique to make you feel as if you need to over compensate i ' m order to earn their love back ? to make you put a part of yourself aside so that you can be more acceptable for them ? those types of things do not happen in a happily functioning relationship . so my answer is , no not those one thing will make a person a narc . but the accumulation of manipulative techniques does . and it can only be confirmed by a real professional , which i am not . but i do feel pretty educated seeing as i have been putting a lot of research and evaluation into my own personal situation . and my nex is bot the first narc in my life either . what really confirmed it for me is a pretty recent event . he threw a giant surprise party for our mutual friend and didnt invite me . when i called him out on it he then started gaslighting me by turning the situation around on me and saying i never come around . my argumemt is how could i come around if in not invited . he then started saying horrible things to me about how no one likes me and i am not good enough and i would have made the entire party about myself projection and ruoned the entire thing . so i blocked him on all forms . except i forgot to block email . i brought it to a level i never would have done in the past . a couple of days later i received a huge apology for everything he knows that bothered me . he should have treated me right . treated me for the gem that i am . he should have apologized more . he should have been there more . been more involved with my family . been more supportive if my goals and future . i taught him what love really is . he should have treated me better . well , two emails later he turned around and started saying how horrible i am . gas lighting i am lying and manipulative projection . i am not responsible more sensible enough of a person to know when i ' m right or wrong and i can ' t tell the difference . i don ' t deserve to be in a relationship because i am not good enough to hold someone else ' s heart in my hands . he feels sorry for me . and i have a long road ahead of me . digit  of the memories he has of me in the last digit years i made him miserable . oh , he also said that my therapist doesn ' t know the real me . only the me that they ' re being paid to know ajd they ' re only being nice to me because they are being paid too . so you see , he love bombed me basically and then turned around and threw it in my face . it makes the original apology void . in the past , i would not have blocked him . i would not have stood my ground snd gone no contact . in the past i would have accepted that maybe i wasnt good enough to be at that party and i really would have ruined it . that no one would want me there . i would have let him ignore me . i would hsve accepted the excuse that he ' s just not good at communicating . well , thats all bullshit because i ' ve been dealing with it for digit years . and there ' s always a lie . and always an excuse . and it was always followed by being ignored . and i would let him do it . and then he would wait it out without saying a word and then come back to me like nothing ever happened . but since i didn ' t this time it resulted in a major love bombing and gas lighting that hit the nail on the head for me . i hope that offers you some insight . i ' m sorry its a lot to read but i really wanted to give you a lot so you can develop your own opinion on it since i can ' t quite answer that question from you in a professional manner .
   (ID: 9981a65782780477b53d712e936b6997a4092240)

7. the same thing happened to me . i do believe that there are induviduals who misuse sm and take it too far crossing the line to rape . mine eased me into a light sm world . very light . made me trust him . told me all of these things . then when i was pulling away from him he went from digit  digit and choked me into a submissive state . when you fear for your life and that you won ' t wake back up the next time he chokes you until you pass out , you go into shock . or at least i did . i thought " i can ' t say no because if he doesn ' t get what he wants he will hurt me more " and that was a serious thing for me because i couldn ' t possibly have imagined that he wanted more . but he did . then he went right past sm and straight towards torture and humiliation . all without my consent . he knew exactly what he was doing . he knew from our previous discussions that i never would have allowed that to happen . he also knew me . so he choked me enough to make it happen for him . i ' m sorry you went through all that . sm can be really tricky , my personal experience aside . because i really don ' t have any . but i did do a lot of reading on it after my rape . to help me understand why . it takes a lot of trust . if someone goes against your comfort zones it is not a good sign . a sm shoukd always be respectful no matter what .
   (ID: 9981a65782780477b53d712e936b6997a4092240)

8. so i don ' t have personal experience with this yet , but i have wanted to change my name for about digit years now . i ' m about to finish college and might be moving away soon , so now seems like a pretty good time to go through with it . anyway , to answer your questions  1a as far as i can tell , most places that require a formal change e . g . your job , bank accounts , ect . are able to easily change people ' s names in their system probably because of people changing their name when they get married so that should be fairly straightforward . some places  like banks  may require proof that the name change is legal , but just show them a copy of the deed poll . please note  i live in the uk  the rules might be different where you live . 1b i ' ve found it really helpful to talk to a friend about changing my name . i told a couple of friends , but we ' ve only spoken about it on skype , never face  to  face , but recently i ' ve been talking to one of my friends about it in real life , not online , and it ' s so affirming , if that makes sense . before , i felt like it was all in my head , but having someone to talk to about it and again i emphasise a face  to  face discussion makes it feel not  weird . she ' s even offered suggestions for me . digit as far as explaining it to people goes , i haven ' t really had to fully explain my reasons to anyone . none of my friends really asked why , or if they did , they were satisfied with the ' i just hate my name and i am able to change it , so why shouldn ' t i ? ' explanation . i plan on having different ' levels ' of explanation , depending on who asks . so the first level would be ' because i want to ' which would be for acquaintances and people i don ' t know very well . then ' growing up , i really didn ' t like my name . it caused me a lot of grief , and i decided to move away from that , ' for the next level , for people i know better , and then for people i know really well and trust , the last level would be the full story , which is quite long and this message is long enough as it is but i ' m happy to share if you ' re interested . digit in the dating world , if you ' ve never met them before , just introduce yourself with your new name . they won ' t know that you were ever called anything else . you can tell them about your name change in time , but there ' s no need to do it right away . digit i mean , there ' s no limit on the number of times you can change your name that i know of anyway but if you change it too often , i think people will stop taking it seriously , or just get mixed up with which name you have at any given time . once you have a good idea of the name you want to use , try introducing yourself with it online . if your username doesn ' t have any actual names in it like mine here then you can introduce yourself with a different name to each person if you want , and just see if one feels right . when you ' re comfortable with that , try using it as a username . i ' d recommend getting people to call you the new name socially before you legally change it , so you can get used to it , and it won ' t be too much of a hassle if you change your mind . lastly , i would like to add that you ' re not a fraud . it feels weird at first and lots of people who change their name feel as if they ' re lying when they use their new name . you ' re not . you ' re used to being called one thing and now you ' re answering to something different , and that takes time to get used to . don ' t let anyone make you feel bad about it .
   (ID: 101eeb53846c81b36d32c33e2b4260cb3e4ac576)

9. if you want my advice on what you should do now , in your present situation . keeping in mind that it is just that , my advice . i ' d say you should first make peace with yourself and the situation . accept that you can move on and live a healthy , happy , productive life full of love and positive relationships if you never speak to him again . this is vital . it ' s the single most important thing you can do right now . search your soul . be strong , and realize that strength . then , tell him you ' re sorry for trying to force his hand , but you realize that you can ' t continue this way . then walk away . it sort of speaks to that old addage " if you love something , set it free " if he wants to be with you , truly wants to , he ' ll figure it out . this will accomplish digit things for you . a you ' re absolving yourself of his blame for ruining the other girl ' s life and you ' re removing a card he can play later . let me explain that a little better . say you don ' t take my advice which , again , is your choice and you keep up the ultimatum . in digit days , he chooses you and the two of you continue your relationship . no relationship is perfect . everyone fights . everyone has bad days . everyone feels annoyed  irritated by their partner . and everyone wonders if they made the right choice . this is what you ' ve given him  a great big if . one he can idealize in his head . " oh , itssodifficult is being such a bitch right now ! othergirl wasn ' t ever this bitchy  crazy  irrational  werewolfy ! i bet if i ' d stayed with her , i ' d be so much happier now " that ' s a seed you have helped plant , and every time there ' s an arguement or disagreement , it grows , as does his resentment . and if he stays in touch with or reestablishes contact with othergirl , she is the one who consoles him . she becomes the one he can talk to , and their bond strengthens . this isn ' t a great way to go about establishing a healthy relationship , set aside the fact that manipulation never ends well . b if he does decide you ' re the one he wants , making that choice is now his . and he now has to do something to get your attention  win you back , which is , i believe , under the heading of " needing to prove " something to you , yes ? so it ' s a two birds one stone type deal , whereas now all he has to do to win you over is say " yep , i dumped her " c you ' ll renew this relationship on equal footing . that ' s important if you actually have hopes of this relationship lasting . sorry for the wall of text .
   (ID: 87dcb06b0e31b35730fe93ce7dcbef85e6078b40)


============================================================
