CLUSTER 10
============================================================
Total statements in cluster: 131
Cluster persistence (stability): 0.912

Dataset distribution in this cluster:
  MPChat: 1 (0.8%)
  PEC: 85 (64.9%)
  PER-CHAT: 44 (33.6%)
  SyntheticPersonaChat: 1 (0.8%)

============================================================

SAMPLE STATEMENTS FROM EACH DATASET:


--- MPChat ---
Total from this dataset: 1

1. need i say more?
   (ID: Soapy_Von_Soaps)


--- PEC ---
Total from this dataset: 85

1. i feel like this should be in r / diwhy
   (ID: baconnaire)

2. i feel like they should have chosen an uglier man .
   (ID: cheesehuahuas)

3. i feel embiggened !
   (ID: snapsnaptomtom)

4. i feel like everything but the watch makes it more fratty
   (ID: Captain_-H)

5. i feel like government scientists would look at this and chuckle at their paltry attempts at ion propulsion .
   (ID: cometparty)

6. i feel like i should n't have to .
   (ID: ranieve)

7. i feel like there ’s a more appropriate subreddit
   (ID: nate6051)

8. i feel like everything i do with other people is so calculated .
   (ID: Nobody-Likes-Change)

9. i do feel like suits are a natural ally to capes / cloaks .
   (ID: Dan3099)

10. i feel like this is because of the job .
   (ID: osmosisparrot)

11. i have the feel he is still playing competitively because he has no where else to go .
   (ID: dohko_xar)

12. i feel like i have so much potential .
   (ID: microliteoven)

13. i feel like he 's going to be a really solid contributor for the kings in the future .
   (ID: BearCanoe)

14. i feel like it ’s helping me
   (ID: DinoButtsy)

15. i feel like that would be excessively constricting .
   (ID: Kialand)

16. i feel like wooloo is a encroaching on mareep .
   (ID: eye-brows)

17. i feel like i 'm going into r / vogonpoetrycircle
   (ID: carebearstare93)

18. i feel like she never does anything .
   (ID: kuh_boom)

19. i feel like i 'm missing something here .
   (ID: adertal)

20. i feel like good management is an oxymoron .
   (ID: sourpatchkidj)


--- PER-CHAT ---
Total from this dataset: 44

1. it depends on your definition of success . is it financial , family  related , or do you simply want more free time ? despite what you see on instagram or other motivational sites and social networks , running a successful business takes a lot of hard work , grit , terrible days where you want to throw in the towel , etc , etc , etc . to run a successful business , you usually need a variety of attributes , grown traits , and luck . here  s a quick list  passion  yes i listed it first . whatever . you need it to get started and sometimes to finish too . grit  there will be days when you just can  t . grit will help . prepared luck  this is when the door comes knocking and you  ve already prepared yourself for what  s on the other side . love  it helps to be a good person . it  s much , much harder but still possible to succeed being an asshole . preparation  in business , you need have to be prepared . see  digit . being prepared gives you the ideal situation in advance . bold action  no matter how much you plan , without action your business will fail . that is certain . you have to take action , especially when you least expect or want to . get off of instagram looking for motivation i do it too , and get done what you need to get done . hard work  there  s no course on god  s green earth that will reveal to you the  secrets  of success . gurus , motivational courses , etc make their money selling the dream without action . skill  it takes some skill to succeed . you either need to be an expert , or growing one at least , in whatever field you choose . there  s a variety of free courses everywhere that can teach you exactly what you need to know to get past technical hurdles , ideas , or new skill sets . remember , this is a quick list . everyone is different . you may already have two or three of these traits . you may be working on the others . the good thing is business can be learned . this applies to skill  sets as well . as long as you are pushing forward , no one can stop you . good luck .
   (ID: fed0c0c8b0ae958dd1a6a750f7a4f677f0b34628)

2. liberals are never actually on our side , no matter the issue . even if they agree on the outcome , they disagree on the process , and feel the need to inject government solutions into everything . if you ' re for bigger government , you aren ' t on my side of anything , ever .
   (ID: 695c696deb58364c4f03bf78d7d406b01f2254e6)

3. why don ' t you agree with this one ? i feel like it ' s true becouse in the end you are the master of almost every outcome of your life .
   (ID: 4a03851d25b2526583af78261bff2af13796094e)

4. you deserve attention and love and happiness . you sound dedicated and committed and that ' s amazing . however , and i don ' t mean to sound rude , maybe family is not something to invest your efforts in . you matter . other ppl don ' t . don ' t be a devoted wife  mothehousewife if it makes you feel like you ' re just spread thin . maybe it ' s time to re  shift the paradigms so to speak . have you addressed the issue in your family ? stressed how underappreciated you feel ? if the ppl around you don ' t give anything back to you they are the wrong ppl . family isn ' t everything . marriage is a common cause of depression and self  loathing in women . while you ' re waiting for the current ppl on your life to show you that you matter you could easily replace them with others who really do care about you . eventually you might find that the greatest love you can ever experience is the love of you for yourself . find what makes you so unhappy . then iliminate it .
   (ID: f042043ff04e1f2bd28d7c34b7937eb8bf31c76e)

5. buckle down and raise a son when i really wasn ' t ready to . i don ' t want to be a deadbeat dad , but sometimes i feel like it would be a hell of a lot easier than what i ' m going through now
   (ID: 0804200f8083dc053afb8aa8f228fa4025950bd5)

6. deserving something means they ' re worthy of it . i personally don ' t think anybody is worthy of leading an entirely bad life . sure , we make mistakes that can negatively impact our lives for a period of time . however , i believe people are trying to have a good life to the best of their ability . their best may not be seen as such  for example , people who intentionally inflict harm on others . there ' s some pain they feel that is relieved by doing so . of course there are other outlets yet they don ' t know that . i also should clarify that i don ' t agree with using harm to heal personal wounds  there ' s very few i downright despise . maybe i ' m just too nice though
   (ID: a2291731ea6532473dc0e3f9275ce68c86abfad6)

7. i ' m in digit grad right now and i ' ve done a lot to get into scsb but that doesn ' t mean im going straight into a digit year . instead im going to a community college for my first digit years to get all my prerequisites done . after im done with the digit year program i can transfer to almost any college i want , as long as my grads are about average . this is a very smart thing to do i recommend it because i well all ready have digit years of cheap college under my belt meaning i well only need too more years at ussb before i graduate college !
   (ID: d3bac57ba3f5572800e9732b3d2159f8a3fcbfdc)

8. i would still like to see him get more targets , but that  s hard to get with the receivers he is going up against
   (ID: fe5860fea6be29c69501e1a97b1240375d594aa9)

9. holy sheets face  with  open  mouth this is the first time someone has responded intellectually and respectfully to me when i let it be known in a trump supporter . i have been in this politics arena since grade school , along with world history , from the time it was introduced to me as a child . i absolutely love these two topics . but i hate so much that we can no longer talk about these things . everyone loves to speak on the at  right extremism . but i become a racist or bigot when i point out left  wing extremist like karl marx and what his ideology brought about in places like russia less then digit years ago . i just want to point out to people that we are playing with fire with these semantics being thrown about on a whim . a intelligent person could never believe that the german population would support a fascist extremist who would murder perhaps digit million jews . but a seed of hate was planted a decade prior . during the depression . in the 30s the jews were made to be the villains because of their " wealth and privilege " so later when the gov started rounding these people up , nobody cared to help . this is what the seed of division brings us . history proves it hundreds of times over . we are americans , but when they divide us we are the nobody ' s they ' ve made us . skin color means nothing , wealth means nothing , sexual orientation means nothing , sex means nothing . they are all tools of division so we have to look to them for the solution . if the whites were gone perhaps the blacks could finally prosper . if the guns were gone perhaps the murders will stop . if everyone had health care perhaps nobody would get sick and die from silly shit . if we had open borders perhaps everyone could freely share in the american dream . but do you think that once the whites were gone the " elites " would stop telling the blacks they are victims ? i don ' t think so , then they would lose their control . if you belive they have some kind of control if we take away the guns , are we taking away the carnal desire to murder as well ? and will the government protect us and empower us , or would they stand on our necks ? i don ' t want to know . if we provide healthcare for all , who ' s in charge of that ? how much will it cost ? and why would it cost that ? they say digit trillion , but why ? why is a blood test digit  why is a x  ray digit , digit  ? if the government can force me to pay digit  income tax for healthcare for all . then why the hell can ' t the government force the doctors and hospitals to drop their prices to make universal healthcare affordable and not a pipe dream ? if we open the borders and let everyone enjoy the american dream . the simple fact is , the consequences of that are we will no longer be able to provide an " american dream " to anyone . this is the best place on earth because we have the best people on earth in between its borders . not everyone is good for you , not everyone belongs here with the best . plain and simple . regular life experiences proves this . the fact that we have prisons prove this . i ' m truly saddened . i ' m saddened my the left and the right . donald trump came in as a man who could turn things around for conservatives . an outsider with outside ideas , and outside money . democrats need someone to step up and take the reigns as well . that ' s the only way of beating trump in digit . a strong outsider , not influenced by nancy and chuck . there ' s is a vacuum that needs to be filled . i pray for the sake of the world it isn ' t someone like ocasio  cortez from ny .
   (ID: fa749ff7262da656e34f21f4b902bd5287bf224d)

10. that ' s a really long winded way of missing the point entirely . it was digit words . you quoted it , you should know . if you think that ' s " long winded " then you ' re clearly not very good at reading . you managed to cram bias and agenda in there within the space of digit words as well . it ' s pretty clear where your priorities lie for all to see  in disregarding opinions you don ' t like by labelling them and disregarding them without being able to provide evidence against them , or even describe what they are . please tell me how how this is " bias and agenda " . let ' s make this clear  everyone should be treated equally . that means if someone in a wheelchair flags down a bus , and that space is already in use , they have to wait for the next bus , just like the rest of us . equality for all , not special treatment for some .
   (ID: f7356e924b370675e942b29b9c2184dc895ea5b7)

11. i don ' t really feel like he holds me back , but my life isn ' t the way i want it to be living with him . i ' m gonna say the same shit everyone else says , i do love him and i enjoy being with him . but lately it doesn ' t feel the same . he ' s a good person but i feel like i don ' t really like him anymore . maybe it ' s my mindset but i feel like we don ' t have fun or enjoy each other ' s company . but if i leave i know i ' ll miss him and be sad . i ' m not going to go jump on another guys dick .
   (ID: 82227bc3f73e4753802bc6bc025e3544c0c76857)

12. the obviously bullshit one you dedicated the last half of your paragraph to . " obviously bullshit " should ' ve tipped you off .  if trump picks the most qualified available and they happen to be white , so what really ? you don ' t think there ' s a single person of color in the entire country more qualified than any of those digit  digit people ? not one ?  btw obama also had mostly white people huh . you mean there was one digit years ago ? interesting . i mean if you ' re going to blatantly ignore discrimination , yeah , i can understand your ideas .
   (ID: 3f03e19f839d6382fd2b368797fa9feed1073b58)

13. this this and this . do your best to change it for her . make her feel like it  s not a bad thing and there  s no reason to feel bad . try your best to erase that part of her past . purple  heart
   (ID: 3590b3fd811042b17c3ff7f8b851664408a349ef)

14. thank you . i don ' t blame myself in a way that isn ' t realistic . i blame myself for not being aware of the warning signs of what happened to me . that ' s about the extent . i don ' t harbor any unhealthy emotions and though i suffer mildly from ptsd i am conscious enough to work on my issues . with that being said . yes , i am still with my boyfriend . the truth of the matter is that he simply isn ' t emotionally mature enough to understand the depths of what had happened . i did threaten to break up with him . the first couple of times he said it to me i didn ' t stand up for myself . i don ' t know why . but the last time he said it i really stuck it to him . i realized that if he thinks this way i can ' t possibly marry someone who will think like that and i told him that . i also told him i will happily leave because i know i wouldn ' t be suffering a loss if that ' s the way he is thinking . for the first time in all the time i have known him he stopped and gave me a very heart felt apology taking accountability for his lack of sympathy and understanding . quite frankly , a lot of other things were said . but it was true and i know he meant it . this is still a red flag for me . if i am suffering from something in the future , am i going to have to be the one to walk him through it too ? just because i am more emotionally equipped to handle ? he ' s not a horrible person . but he is selfish in his thinking . and he is emotionally sheltered . after digit years i am starting to wonder if i want to be the one who does all of the picking up .
   (ID: 9981a65782780477b53d712e936b6997a4092240)

15. you have the right to be upset or angry , or any other emotion you are having right now . your wife needs to know exactly how you feel and take ownership for causing it your wife should be willing to do anything for you that would help you build that trust back up . no more expectations of privacy , no more hidden anything in her life . she needs to be an open book . look at her bank account , check her on  line presence , monitor her calls , get all of her passwords , and  or whatever you feel is needed . then you need to work on regaining that trust . if this is going to be a life sentence for her , then end the marriage now . you need to work toward her having privacy again some day . just not right now . there is no such thing as too much communication in smarriage .
   (ID: 9186c179fe844e912b1dc4e064693a023e668de3)

16. i feel like this is the start of a mlm for ageless male products .
   (ID: e978c4c5dd931b8985b65369abe1ef855c833aa3)

17. you ' re already beginning to explain everything my comment was meant for . neurons that fire together wire together . i wish i could spend up the process of building new neurological channels in my brain so that i could get into the habit of remembering more good times , but this sometimes can be a painstaking process . i personally have had to go out of my way to create new associations , new experiences , relationships , events , feeling states , interpretations and behaviors in order to allow my brain to have a different default mode . the first step to get over trauma is to distance yourself from all malignant narcissist in your family and social circle that overtly or covertly are physically and or psychologically traumatizing you . as long as you have sociopathic , sadistic entities retriggering cortisol spikes , your amygdala will be inflated , and your sympathetic nervous system will be overactive , leaving you an a perpetual fight or flight response which is the default mode of post traumatic stress disorder . the feeling of guilt in shame is a projection that toxic people around you have tossed to you like a hot coal . they knew it would hurt if they held on to it , so in their own sick and strategic way they left it in your hands and said , " here , you have it . breaking you down psychologically is facilitated because you permit yourself to be easily discouraged . they feel more secure when they have a compliant subordinate , and since you are acquiring these feelings of shame so openly , you make a good victim to target and blow steam off of . the problem is this identity is not yours , it ' s not serving you , and you need to let it go , create a new experience , and become one of the thousand better versions of you that are possible to embody . narcissists employ sadism through psychological torture and the carrot and stick method is commonly used . as long as the standards keep moving , you will labor to satisfy , like a mouse on a wheel , even though the very nature of the person you are dealing with is pathologically insatiable . through statements like , " has made it impossible for me to move on " in the fucking garbage . don ' t say shit like that . sit down , admit and accept that hundreds of different forms of evolution , healing and enjoying are possible . you simply have to concede that those options and opportunities exist . they do exist , don ' t say they aren ' t possible because you ' re wrong . while i ' ve written so much , here is the meat of my point  you have the almost psychic power of empathy , but you have been continuously hurt by people , who granted , are in pain themselves , but don ' t have empathy and furthermore go out of their way to hurt you so that you suffer more than you know you do not deserve . what you have to do is refuse to gift your empathy to all entities as many individuals are not deserving of your kindness and compassion . i have had to cut of friends and the closest family members who frankly are suffering , but that doesn ' t make what they do to me any less cruel . you must become acquainted with your dark side and realize that it is in your best interest to completely abandon those you have betrayed you . if you respect yourself , you will slowly but surely begin to adhere to boundaries and only tolerate persons that do so with you . if you seem heartless , mean or cold it doesn ' t matter . these people know you are a good person and they are taking advantage of that very quality . because you derive your own validation from how you give , these people will suck energy out of you indefinitely until you stop them once and for all . because you ' re loving , you won ' t want to leave them behind but it is the first step in your healing . go full no contact with your abusers
   (ID: a94c33f7a102c979d2b0d24245a9721d4136b14f)

18. insurance should be and used to be based on risk . legislation has taken that out of the equation in many ways . younger people rightfully don ' t recognize it as their responsibility to pay into a system when their risk is lower
   (ID: 5ab7eb494e48f5dccac549a3e018fb911f19527e)

19. you seem to have your head on straight , you want to create something of your own , really embrace your parents ' legacy . if you really feel like its the right move and you ' re excited about it than no one can stop you . however , be prepared for long nights of your own , be prepared that if you do meet a woman and you do have kids that you might put them in the same situation you are in . now thats also an exaggeration , you could completely re invent the company to where you dont even have to lift a finger and youre home with your family all the time . but that will take a very long time . its all your personal preference man , dont completely rule out a college experience and a chance to take on a different path because you might hate working digit  digit in a factory with loud machines all day . whatever you choose to do , just make sure you ' re happy and keep your options open
   (ID: ea1aba6f5a01e142602653a1b9987c70e3862a45)

20. apprenticeships ! you can work and get a degree at the same time . you do it with a company , you get a reduced salary , but it means you don ' t have to pay anything , and you get experience in the workplace . you do come out of it with a degree in whatever field your apprenticeship was in
   (ID: c1af2a10f968ba6f52d825dbf8fc9b8210db72ba)


--- SyntheticPersonaChat ---
Total from this dataset: 1

1. Sometimes i feel like i have already been through life once before.
   (ID: conversation_144_user_2)


============================================================
