CLUSTER 0
============================================================
Total statements in cluster: 8
Cluster persistence (stability): 1.000

Dataset distribution in this cluster:
  PER-CHAT: 8 (100.0%)

============================================================

SAMPLE STATEMENTS FROM EACH DATASET:


--- PER-CHAT ---
Total from this dataset: 8

1. okay so this comment is a little different than the answer your looking for but it kind of fits . i worked at a resturaunt as a server and had a manager who was really mean all the time and had such an attitude problem . she would piss off the guests in my section often and let them leave pissed off to write a bad review , on numerous occasions . she would shoulder check me and make fun of me in front of people and yell at me on the floor for something that wasn ' t done by me , wasn ' t even in my section and had literally nothing to do with me . and she has left me in tears often because of how badly she treated me . she also made a lot of really horrible calls like choosing to not tell me about guests special requests and letting them get mad at me for not being prepped on how they prefer things . they ' re rich assholes and prefer their experiences where they don ' t have to communicate the way they want things . which is completely opposite of how we treat the normal guests . but i wouldn ' t know that unless she taught me that . so she ' s made me look like an idiot on a couple of occasions . one night it was really busy and the sushi chef was behind so i had to wait a really long time for a roll for an appetizer . this table was very high maintenanced and picky so they were pissed . i asked the manager to move it along and talk to the table and she ignored me . finally i talk to the sushi chef he usually prefers no contact and i find out that the lines i put in on the computer to distinguish between apps and entrees just didn ' t show up . so i draw them on the paper and ask him for the roll asap . the manager should have been doing this because i needed to get to my tables and run my food . then i tell the manager about the problem with the specific computer and how it has been giving me trouble again . it happened at random since the very beginning of me working there . she gave me a horrible response about how there ' s nothing she can do about it . it my head lady , i still have the number of the posi support team in my phone from my old management job and i know that you can fix it . again , in my head . so i ' m upset because she had no regard for the happiness of my table . had no regard for the problem with the computer that was causing a lot of issues . and had no regard for helping me out which is her job . but again , she ' s a bully . so im in a hurry i ask the sushi chef for the entree roll and he hands it to me and i drop it at the table and apologize over and over again . in my head i ' m like i ' m just ganna split this sushi roll off the bill and tell them at the end i paid for it . i wasn ' t even going to ask the manager i was just ganna pay for it myself . so then i realize he hands me the wrong sushi roll and when the entree sushis come up its wrong because he gave me an entree one for app . so the sushi chef is fighting with me tooth to nail and i ' m telling him what i need and he ' s just saying no . and in my head i ' m like how can you fight against this . this is for the customer we need to fix the mistake and talk about it later for the happiness of the guests . i tell the manager i need her help again and she starts yelling and screaming in my face about how i should know the difference . so i said out loud " the sushi chef didn ' t know the difference either . it ' s busy . i need my roll for the table there should be no arguing about it " . so i basically undermined her at that point . then she pulls me to the side to say that i have no right to fight with her , i was acting like a child and tried to threaten me with the owner . whom was sitting right in front of the sushi station and didn ' t even offer a helping hand to get the problem solved efficiently . then i ' m so fed up i start literally crying . saying i don ' t care was the owner says at this point i need the help when there ' s an issue and instead all i do is get yelled at . then she says we ' ll talk about it later . we never did . i worked there for a year and had a lot of shifts and was really good with the guests and always had compliments . about a week later i came down with the flu really bad and kept showing up to work anyway . i was literally throwing up in the bathroom on between tables for days there . i called out once because no one would cover me and i needed to get better . i even gave them ample amount of time to motivate someone else to come in . then i went to work for a couple days again . and i was getting worse . finally it was so bad one day that i had no voice was throwing up with diarrhea , had snot continously dripping from my nose and could get my swollen eyes to stop tearing . so i called out . and the next day this bitch had me fired . they fired me . i loved that place . i loved the people i worked with . i loved the kitchen crew and the guests . i have never been so sad about leaving a job . i have also never been on bad terms with a job before either . but her awful professionalism to handle situations in a correct manner for the guests directly resulted in me losing my job .
   (ID: 9981a65782780477b53d712e936b6997a4092240)

2. not at all . those are really great questions and oerfectly normal for you to he wondering about . mimd you , i ' m also not a professional so this is more a matter of opinion from personal experience . not those few things just makes a person a narc . there will be other signs for you to able to know . its true when they say , the similiarities between stories between people who have been abused by a narc are uncanny . there are so many signs that play into a narcissist that it will go so far back into your relationship you will feel like there has been a blindfold lifted from your eyes when you start putting it all together . and for me , i used to make up excuses for my nex . he used to ignore me to no end . if we were in an argument . he never once would apologize and admit he ' s wrong . he never once would say " i understand where you are coming from " . he would forcefully put me down in any way he could to get to me . so the majority of the time his tactic would be to ignore me , " avoid " and wait it out until i gave in and let thr matter fall under the table . when i didn ' t let up and never let thr matter go , i would withstand the horrible horrible things he would say to me and still stand tall defending myself . its then he would say something along the lines of " i ' m just not good at it " . and i was letting him use that lie for so long . it was just am excuse he made up to get him off the hook . and this is why . any person is capable of meeting you in the middle . someone who is on the narc spectrum usually is not . anyone is capabke of holding themselves accountable and acknowledging your feelings . a narc is not . but they can pretend when forced to if it comes down to it . i used to question it too and let that excuse be used . sure , there are plenty of partners out there who have a terribly hard time with confrontation . have a hard time dealing with issues snd stress . cant effectively communicate . but are those same guys gaslighting you to no end ? are thise same guys love bombing you ? using triangulation techniques to make you feel smaller and crazier than what you are ? are those same guys manipulating you to make you believe that you are the wrong one always ? that ' s not normal . that kind of thing doesnt happen in a proper relationship . not one person is always wrong . is that same person using the hot and cold technique to make you feel as if you need to over compensate i ' m order to earn their love back ? to make you put a part of yourself aside so that you can be more acceptable for them ? those types of things do not happen in a happily functioning relationship . so my answer is , no not those one thing will make a person a narc . but the accumulation of manipulative techniques does . and it can only be confirmed by a real professional , which i am not . but i do feel pretty educated seeing as i have been putting a lot of research and evaluation into my own personal situation . and my nex is bot the first narc in my life either . what really confirmed it for me is a pretty recent event . he threw a giant surprise party for our mutual friend and didnt invite me . when i called him out on it he then started gaslighting me by turning the situation around on me and saying i never come around . my argumemt is how could i come around if in not invited . he then started saying horrible things to me about how no one likes me and i am not good enough and i would have made the entire party about myself projection and ruoned the entire thing . so i blocked him on all forms . except i forgot to block email . i brought it to a level i never would have done in the past . a couple of days later i received a huge apology for everything he knows that bothered me . he should have treated me right . treated me for the gem that i am . he should have apologized more . he should have been there more . been more involved with my family . been more supportive if my goals and future . i taught him what love really is . he should have treated me better . well , two emails later he turned around and started saying how horrible i am . gas lighting i am lying and manipulative projection . i am not responsible more sensible enough of a person to know when i ' m right or wrong and i can ' t tell the difference . i don ' t deserve to be in a relationship because i am not good enough to hold someone else ' s heart in my hands . he feels sorry for me . and i have a long road ahead of me . digit  of the memories he has of me in the last digit years i made him miserable . oh , he also said that my therapist doesn ' t know the real me . only the me that they ' re being paid to know ajd they ' re only being nice to me because they are being paid too . so you see , he love bombed me basically and then turned around and threw it in my face . it makes the original apology void . in the past , i would not have blocked him . i would not have stood my ground snd gone no contact . in the past i would have accepted that maybe i wasnt good enough to be at that party and i really would have ruined it . that no one would want me there . i would have let him ignore me . i would hsve accepted the excuse that he ' s just not good at communicating . well , thats all bullshit because i ' ve been dealing with it for digit years . and there ' s always a lie . and always an excuse . and it was always followed by being ignored . and i would let him do it . and then he would wait it out without saying a word and then come back to me like nothing ever happened . but since i didn ' t this time it resulted in a major love bombing and gas lighting that hit the nail on the head for me . i hope that offers you some insight . i ' m sorry its a lot to read but i really wanted to give you a lot so you can develop your own opinion on it since i can ' t quite answer that question from you in a professional manner .
   (ID: 9981a65782780477b53d712e936b6997a4092240)

3. i had a similar face with lsd , where i just wanted to trip at every occasion . because i never had a single bad experience , only beneficial ones . thsi phase ended after digit or digit months , my mind needed a break and i didn ' t want to trip even when there was a great opportunity . for me the craving for acid feelt different than to any other drug , it wasn ' t like wanting to recreationaly better my mood like with any other drug . it feelt more like having discovered something new , where you can ' t wait for your next time doing it . it feelt like when i got a new video game for christmas as a kid and after an hour , when my parents made me go to bed , i couldn ' t wait to explore it more the next day . but after some time this always stoped , only to be rediscovered years later . the same feeling was attached to lsd after my first spiritual experience . and the same way it got more and more unexciting until i stopped using for a year or so . and this wasn ' t hard to do , it just felt right to stop now . when the spirit of adventure came back i started tripping again . even if lsd helped me a lot to learn about myself like nothing else could even come close . thinking about my usage in honesty is only possible during times of abstinence . your post sounded similar to my concern at times of frequent use and your concerns are important and nothing you should be avoiding , especially when using strong psychedelics . i could understand my frequent lsd use after it ' s ending and also be ok with having those phases because i never feelt my frequent use was damaging . i would even say such phases are welcomed by myself , when they feel right again . do not rely on what i wrote . this surely isn ' t the only reason for somebody using lsd so often . if you think your desire exists because lsd lets you be happy when you feel depressed , confident when you are shy or just lets you be the person you want to be , but aren ' t capable of otherweise . thats how damaging and addictive behaviors start . lsd may not be addictive in the ways other drugs are , but it surely will make you dependent , if used to escape your sober self . i can ' t tell you what ' s best for you , just go with what feels right for you . just be sure to honestly think about your consumption . when you understand your behavior better , it comes easier to stop or continue . since lsd does not have a physically addictive side , the reason for an addiction arises from your mind . stopping or continuing depends on the reason why you are consuming in the first place . but if you are in doubt , its better to take a break . you probably wouldn ' t have asked here if there isn ' t something worrying you about your usage . i can only tell you that i personally say that frequent lsd use , is one of the least damaging drugs , if not pushed beyond what feels good . just take some time to really organize your thoughts , minds and goals . be honest , follow what feels right for you . lsd is exhausting for your mind , some time to think may offer you what you hadn ' t capacity and time to find out during the time of constant tripping .
   (ID: e5a44ccd2ce03ba23fc6a9fd527ffc5440b8088c)

4. admitting there is a problem is hard . fixing it even harder . your kids are likely in school full time . perhaps there is a way that you can find an after school program instead of a daycare . or , a dayhome . an hour or two in the afternoons probably won ' t affect your children negatively as a they are more connected to you by this age and can identify right from wrong and tell you , and b an after school program is guided by professional people and c less costly than full time care . i am a mom to a half day kindergartener digit and a digit mornings a week preschooler digit . i would need to find evening or weekend work to save myself from childcare costs being enormous , so i choose to wait until they are schooled full time . do you have any flexibility with your job ? perhaps you could drop off and pick up and return to work if necessary when she returns home . i ' m getting off track . i can ' t think of anything you ' re doing that isn ' t gentle , kind or thoughtful and coming from a place of love . i know my husband works long hours for our benefit and i appreciate the hell out of him for it . you are a good person and it sounds like she does need help in the form of a doctor or counselling for ppd . just keep coming from a place of love when you tell her you miss your partner in crime and that you want her to be happy , and all that growing old together stuff . i would beg and plead with my husband to come to counselling with me if i thought he needed it , but if that ' s likely to make her angry i just don ' t know . maybe if you guys are close with her family you can discreetly discuss with a trusted family member that you are worried . maybe they are worried too .
   (ID: c28c39847d1ec88851aadf063f6e8baf4594b35c)

5. as newly single father of three in my thirties , i can give you my impression of online dating because it really wasn  t a thing before i was married . i feel few people take online dating apps seriously , especially men . for the same reason there is so much acrimony on facebook and twitter . it  s a place where you can do or say anything with little to no consequence , and unfortunately , it seems the most vocal  active are the ones who get a thrill out of that . i  m kind of old fashioned , and i am saddened by the amount of women who become surprised and impressed that i didn  t just send them a picture of my manhood ! that  s alarming to me , and it is a terrible precedent that has been set . i didn  t spend much time doing online dating because it feels the same as being in a shady neighborhood . and i  m willing to bet there are a bunch of decent guys in their thirties who have done the same thing . i would much rather do the things that make me who i am , and happen across a beautiful woman doing the same things . sure , being in person makes it a little uncomfortable at first , but that  s part of the fun of flirting with strangers , right ! and if that makes me  old  , so be it man  shrugging
   (ID: c2097b63bc9ef8216809570b6fc2ffc70e406b32)

6. let me hedge  disclaim before my super long answer  i ' m not sure about my faith right now . i ' m pretty inclined to stop saying i ' m a christian because , at this point , i just don ' t really believe in god . but it ' s complicated and i go back and forth . all my life i ' ve been a devout christian , so i feel i can provide relevant perspective to this question . i do get emotional and depressing at the end , so maybe don ' t read this if you will be depressed to read about why i am probably stopping being a christian . tl  dr which obviously misses the point , but oh well  don ' t love it  almost hate it , but i ' m suicidal anyway , so . probably not . some verses nt matter more than others . i could go either way . if we assume scriptural inerrancy , i lean toward the traditional view . if not , i lean toward saying paul was wrong , and that ' s ok , the bible can still be valuable . long version  digit . i do not love being gay . it ' s hard . do i hate it ? well , as others have said , i think the problem is with other people and society for making it so hard for gay people . just the same , i would rather not have been gay because being gay in my family  cultural context caused me to become a secretive person and i became depressed and suicidal . still am , but doing better . i think it ' s my suicidality that lets me say i ' d rather not be gay . i ' ll explain . i think lots of people , not just queer people , might look back on difficulties but when asked they ' d say , " i wouldn ' t change anything . those things have made me who i am today " like not getting into your top college choice , but then loving your life and friends after getting established at the one you did go to . you can ' t imagine your life without your friends , etc . there ' s often a sense that , since things are great now , i wouldn ' t want to change the past , ' cause then things would be worse . but i think that obviously doesn ' t make sense because you have no idea what would have happened . i think really , people don ' t want to die , and imagining yourself as a completely different person , is like imagining that someone else altogether had taken your place in life , and that ' s like never having existed . it ' s a known philosophical question with lots of related thought experiments like theseus ' ship and the star trek teleporter and others . you can find good youtube videos about it from crash course and cgpgrey . anyway , when you ' re suicidal , you often wish you had never existed . but it ' s really tricky thinking about questions like , " what if i had never been born " what i mean to say is , there is a line where being a " different " version of yourself , would be like not existing , and someone else taking your place . insignificant things about your life and recent things usually don ' t seem to define your identity , so they could be different without that existential threat . being gay has shaped so much of my life after the age i realized which was late relative to my peers that i am only ok saying , " i ' d rather not have been gay , " because i ' d also rather not have lived . harder question  " if you could stop being gay now , would you " answer  tempting but no , because so many christians around me would give other gay people an even harder time about stopping being gay . that ' s not how it works and i don ' t want a selfish miracle for just me . the good parts of being gay ? it has forced me to be more thoughtful , and to be kinder to minorities of all kinds . there ' s more to it than that , but the bad parts are easy to figure out . i think the good parts will be further revealed as i live my life going forward , given that i ' ve resolved not to kill myself . maybe one day i ' ll love being gay . digit and digit . my concept of sin changed throughout my life . sin could be thought of like breaking rules . ok , not too bad a definition , i guess . later i thought of it more like , " in any given situation , there are choices , and some would be wrong . that ' s sin " then i thought of it like , " just be in relationship with god . the rules we ' ve come up with may be right , but they shouldn ' t be the source of the information . we should just be really close to god , then we ' ll always know what ' s sin " still later this changed from a notion of " we ' ll know because god will tell us when we need to know " to " we ' ll know because we will have trained our hearts to love what he loves " this was a key moment in my faith , when lots of other things were also going on . i could explain it from a lot of angles , but it was important . we can ' t just claim to be right because we ' re hooked up to god , because so many disagreeing people have done and still do that . we need humility so that we can hear criticism and hope to apply it , and we need reason  so that we can recognize good criticism . different faith traditions have different doctrine on how we decide what ' s right . i like the anglican and wesleyan doctrines  scripture  tradition  reason  spirit i think . people criticize american evangelicals and others e . g . the gospel coalition , " reformed " traditions , which is basically what i have been for being all scripture and no tradition . people criticize catholicism and orthodoxy for being all tradition . humorously , you could say that episcopalians who are anglicans and pentecostals probably both get criticism for relying too much on just following the spirit , though in really different ways . consistently in all areas of christianity in my experience , there is the belief that it is very possible to rely too much on reason alone . i spent a while it was several years , but i can ' t say it was a long time because others have spent much longer believing that i would simply have to not act on my attractions toward other guys . much of that time i also believed i could change to stop having them . i have always wanted to be a dad and a spouse , still do , when i ' m not too depressed , so i just thought i ' d marry a woman , or maybe be celibate if that seemed better . i was a really really persistently happy person , and besides as a conservative christian teen , you don ' t have pressure about finding a spouse yet until you ' re digit , then go ahead and get married as soon as possible , so it was only in college , having friends with so ' s , and finally having my first crush ever it was on a guy , my best friend , and i fell for him hard before i knew what hit me , that i realized i could not handle marrying a girl , and i first realized what i ' d be missing if i were to be celibate . yeah , that was rough . before that and during that time , i actively kept myself from imagining what life would be like with a husband . i didn ' t want to think about it if i couldn ' t have it . i decided i had to be ok with celibacy before i could decide whether gay marriage was ok , and someone convinced me i also had to think about having a husband to be able to weigh the options . even now , i find it valuable to remind myself that it ' s unhealthy to think that i could not be ok living on my own i ' ve thought about it  i personally wouldn ' t be into hooking up , so for me the options are being celibate or being in a committed relationship . i tell myself , " if you could not imagine life without a husband , then digit you ' re not honestly able to consider the option fairly , and digit you will make an unhealthy partner for whomever you get involved with " that said , i think singleness is a better choice for some than others , and i think some are particularly suited fo in need of marriage  partnership . having made efforts to keep myself from being terribly biased obviously impossible to be completely unbiased , but i ' m big on unbiasedness , i really care , so i always tried my best to check myself , i considered the arguments , especially scripture . it ' s so much more confusing than so many christians give it credit for . i sincerely cannot respect intellectually the opinions of anyone who says , " the bible clearly says homosexuality is a sin , so that settles it " interestingly though , i absolutely feel equally little respect for anyone who says , " i don ' t see how anyone could ever think homosexuality could be wrong " if you ' re not a christian and you grew up in the modern culture , sure , why should you think it ' s wrong ? but for anyone else , anyone hoping to have any ear with christians , it grinds my gears because they are obviously just as thoughtless . you can find books , blog posts , videos , and certainly sermons on the verses themselves from all sorts of different hermeneutical perspectives , which you should do if you ' re a christian who cares . i think the old testament verses are less pertinent not irrelevant , though to this discussion than the new testament . short version of why that is  lv . is clearer in the language and original implications , but modern application given the rest of the ot ? super murky , honestly . for genesis , cultural context of gang rape plus ezekiel puts considerable doubt not complete doubt on the sodom and gomorrah story being relevant . nt is wondering what it ' s talking about where we have translated " homosexuality " in some versions , so that ' s something to talk about . continued in subcomment
   (ID: 80ae19b9093d92fad153af508f37fcd7cd9340ec)

7. when having sex with my last girlfriend startet , i also had this problem digit or digit times . my problem is that sometimes my boner would disappear a soon as my girlfriend took her hand of my dick . i found out that this is linked with stress , at the beginning it was harder because it was embarrassed by it and my girlfriend startet to think it was about her body and she is unattractive to me . with even more pressure now it hasn ' t worked out again . because my ex girlfriend got really emotional at this point , i needed to tell her the truth . this was definitely the decision that ended this problem . because i already knew that it wasn ' t a problem with my body . i already feelt comfortable getting sexual with her . but as soon the point of putting on the condome comes , the slight fear overcame me , that these erection problem will lead her to believe she isn ' t sexy to me , which she struggled enough with at the beginning , because of her beeing digit years older . next time we startes having sex , my erection was there until the short moment of putting on that comdom . again i was worried about all the things that were talked about it and i stell feelt a little bit of embarrassment . and she did exactly the right thing , she calmed me down and just continued the same was we did before the condom . and it took some time again and we gave each other time and arousel by foreplay until the problem didn ' t accrue anymore . after that day it never happened again . i do see suspect some parallels with your post . and i can only suggest to you , if you want to have a chance of having sex with him , forget your plans . sit down with him and i tell him that it is ok for you it doesn ' t work out with penetrativ sex . by taking away stress factors for him , you make it way easier for him to hold his erection . also non penetrativ sex can be even more fun and it can help him to feel not so stressed before sex , when you can give him the feeling , of you beeing happy and satisfied . it would be pressure for every guy , if his girl is rarely in the country and on that rare occasion erection problems arise . knowing that you definitely want to have penetrativ sex is extra stressful . i think he knows you wish for that . and surely would like to fulfill it to you , but try to help him get more comfortable first . when you both try it viagra his stress won ' t be dissappearing . he will get depended on these for sex if you don ' t get rid of psychological boundaries first . when they are gone , you will be finding way more sex in the future .
   (ID: e5a44ccd2ce03ba23fc6a9fd527ffc5440b8088c)

8. server for digit years here , this is what i tell everyone i  ve ever trained at my job . also i know this is a day late , but advice is helpful i  d think  never be afraid to ask for help , little things can really help get you out of the weeds . even a refill or someones extra dressing is one less trip .  figure out the best way to maneuver around your section i call these laps this will come with time and being comfortable with your restaurant and each section you could be in , so take your time with this one .  make the most of every lap around your section , and understand what each table needs .  always check on your kitchen staff and see if they need water , plates , or anything from the fridge that doesn  t require extra prep or knowledge from you like sauce or sliced veggies  be yourself at tables . even if where you work has a strict script most chains and commercial places will that you have to stick to , be yourself . tables like confidence and personality .  don  t lie about mistakes , but don  t place blame if you have to mention it to customers .  there was a miscommunication but we  re getting your calamari out right now .  sounds more professional and comforting than  the kitchen lost your ticket and they are redoing it .   milk your tables that you  re new , some will give you better tips , some will forgive the smaller mistakes and slips , most will congratulate you on being solo .  find comfy shoes and get some insoles . most importantly  although you  re here for advice and genuinely seem excited about this job , so i don  t doubt this will be an issue  have pride in every facet of your job . from side work to bottle service to talking about the food to how you present yourself at your restaurant . and welcome to the server family . we  re a bunch of bastards cause we have to be nice to everyone else all damn day haha .
   (ID: e9bd2e5a75b03c2a8d39168be58f6bed5ed6ff39)


============================================================
