CLUSTER 40
============================================================
Total statements in cluster: 9
Cluster persistence (stability): 0.996

Dataset distribution in this cluster:
  PER-CHAT: 9 (100.0%)

============================================================

SAMPLE STATEMENTS FROM EACH DATASET:


--- PER-CHAT ---
Total from this dataset: 9

1. no , only sticking to " the evidence " at the exclusion of personal experience is where things go awry , you limit yourself and others , and science becomes your master god instead of science being your tool . look , the reason we keep demanding evidence is based on one simple premise .   x200b  people can be wrong .   x200b  do you disagree with that ? you can be wrong . i can be wrong . preachers can be wrong , science teachers can be wrong . anyone can be wrong at any time about anything . everyone  is  wrong about  something  at any given time . i ' m probably wrong about lots of things .   x200b  which is why   verifiable evidence   is the superior method of figuring out what is true , instead of personal anecdote . evidence that can be verified by anyone , and everyone can draw the same conclusion from . that is part of the scientific process known as peer review , where your work is scrutinized and quested by your peers to find out where you are wrong .   x200b  no one single persons anecdotal experience determines truth . nobodys . not mine , not yours , not anyones . only what can be verified to be true via demonstrable evidence can be considered " true . i don ' t claim to have the whole truth . i don ' t claim anyone has the whole truth because nobody does . but we can figure out what is true by doubt , scrutiny , and skepticism . that ' s why we are able to plug our electronics in to our walls and power our devices . it ' s why we have gps , and medicine and vaccines . our entire modern world was built on doubt , skepticism , and science .   x200b  science gave us literally every aspect of our modern world . it is demonstrably true . and i would accept that as a " god " though i would never call it a god , because thats stupid , rather than some ancient fables , or someone ' s lsd trip .
   (ID: 00b878c3a1ec656c05e2872b35fdccfcfda3baac)

2. i definitely agree with you , and this book isn  t all  no one goes to hell if you believe in mercy  type stuff , it  s the direct word of jesus and there is stuff in there saying if you don  t do what  s right you will go to hell . but i understand your point , and agree that we also need people to realise that if we don  t act on the graces god gives us ourselves , we will go to hell .
   (ID: f8a8648f114c1dd8984a809bd49816978d9970c0)

3. beyond my pay grade , but i guess the universe has the physical laws needed to keep it from collapsing back into whatever preceded the big bang . who knows how many universes were created in big bangs that didn ' t produce systems that lasted ? pure speculation , but how does introducing a god who doesn ' t want jews to eat pork help solve this great mystery ? nothing . your consciousness ends . there is no " you " any longer . how can someone fake a belief in god ? are gods that stupid , or venal ? same thing you would do if the buddhist bodhisattva avalokiteshvara appeared to everyone in the world . people who live their lives believing stuff i know to be patently false make me nervous . they embody a dark world view that in different manifestations continues to thwart the progress of mankind .
   (ID: 83266deb6326c13a7e831cd781989911df50766a)

4. yeah , this is sorta what my mom believes , and what i believed i guess , but not so much the " greater reward " thing . it ' s true they use language like that , but a lot of christians who would basically believe this tend to get pretty fuzzy with whether some people will be any happier than others , usually saying no they won ' t , everyone will be equally happy if they are saved and spending eternity in the presence of god . my mom believes god could heal me , and that i should never stop seeking to be healed , but she could believe that a person might never be healed of same sex attraction , just like she believes for any ailment . you pray to be healed even until you die , and if it never happens , that doesn ' t mean you weren ' t sick . i figure though that being gay and in loving relationships looks pretty nice and healthy . but also , some straight people believe they could choose to be gay , that they just aren ' t . some people i suppose i might guess they ' re bi , but who knows ? say they have experienced same sex attraction , and then rejected it to pursue an opposite sex relationship . i think there ' s pretty clear evidence that people who experience same sex attraction can ' t really stop it , but i think it might be possible for some people to grow a certain kind of attraction . i say that mostly out of personal experience . i was never in conversion therapy , but i did try my best to like girls , and in my mind , as good of a christian as i was , that meant training myself to get off to porn of girls . not successful , but now vaginas are pretty ok to me , so it didn ' t do nothing . i feel like my attraction to girls sometimes gets as high as digit  what it is to guys . which is more than before .
   (ID: 80ae19b9093d92fad153af508f37fcd7cd9340ec)

5. let me hedge  disclaim before my super long answer  i ' m not sure about my faith right now . i ' m pretty inclined to stop saying i ' m a christian because , at this point , i just don ' t really believe in god . but it ' s complicated and i go back and forth . all my life i ' ve been a devout christian , so i feel i can provide relevant perspective to this question . i do get emotional and depressing at the end , so maybe don ' t read this if you will be depressed to read about why i am probably stopping being a christian . tl  dr which obviously misses the point , but oh well  don ' t love it  almost hate it , but i ' m suicidal anyway , so . probably not . some verses nt matter more than others . i could go either way . if we assume scriptural inerrancy , i lean toward the traditional view . if not , i lean toward saying paul was wrong , and that ' s ok , the bible can still be valuable . long version  digit . i do not love being gay . it ' s hard . do i hate it ? well , as others have said , i think the problem is with other people and society for making it so hard for gay people . just the same , i would rather not have been gay because being gay in my family  cultural context caused me to become a secretive person and i became depressed and suicidal . still am , but doing better . i think it ' s my suicidality that lets me say i ' d rather not be gay . i ' ll explain . i think lots of people , not just queer people , might look back on difficulties but when asked they ' d say , " i wouldn ' t change anything . those things have made me who i am today " like not getting into your top college choice , but then loving your life and friends after getting established at the one you did go to . you can ' t imagine your life without your friends , etc . there ' s often a sense that , since things are great now , i wouldn ' t want to change the past , ' cause then things would be worse . but i think that obviously doesn ' t make sense because you have no idea what would have happened . i think really , people don ' t want to die , and imagining yourself as a completely different person , is like imagining that someone else altogether had taken your place in life , and that ' s like never having existed . it ' s a known philosophical question with lots of related thought experiments like theseus ' ship and the star trek teleporter and others . you can find good youtube videos about it from crash course and cgpgrey . anyway , when you ' re suicidal , you often wish you had never existed . but it ' s really tricky thinking about questions like , " what if i had never been born " what i mean to say is , there is a line where being a " different " version of yourself , would be like not existing , and someone else taking your place . insignificant things about your life and recent things usually don ' t seem to define your identity , so they could be different without that existential threat . being gay has shaped so much of my life after the age i realized which was late relative to my peers that i am only ok saying , " i ' d rather not have been gay , " because i ' d also rather not have lived . harder question  " if you could stop being gay now , would you " answer  tempting but no , because so many christians around me would give other gay people an even harder time about stopping being gay . that ' s not how it works and i don ' t want a selfish miracle for just me . the good parts of being gay ? it has forced me to be more thoughtful , and to be kinder to minorities of all kinds . there ' s more to it than that , but the bad parts are easy to figure out . i think the good parts will be further revealed as i live my life going forward , given that i ' ve resolved not to kill myself . maybe one day i ' ll love being gay . digit and digit . my concept of sin changed throughout my life . sin could be thought of like breaking rules . ok , not too bad a definition , i guess . later i thought of it more like , " in any given situation , there are choices , and some would be wrong . that ' s sin " then i thought of it like , " just be in relationship with god . the rules we ' ve come up with may be right , but they shouldn ' t be the source of the information . we should just be really close to god , then we ' ll always know what ' s sin " still later this changed from a notion of " we ' ll know because god will tell us when we need to know " to " we ' ll know because we will have trained our hearts to love what he loves " this was a key moment in my faith , when lots of other things were also going on . i could explain it from a lot of angles , but it was important . we can ' t just claim to be right because we ' re hooked up to god , because so many disagreeing people have done and still do that . we need humility so that we can hear criticism and hope to apply it , and we need reason  so that we can recognize good criticism . different faith traditions have different doctrine on how we decide what ' s right . i like the anglican and wesleyan doctrines  scripture  tradition  reason  spirit i think . people criticize american evangelicals and others e . g . the gospel coalition , " reformed " traditions , which is basically what i have been for being all scripture and no tradition . people criticize catholicism and orthodoxy for being all tradition . humorously , you could say that episcopalians who are anglicans and pentecostals probably both get criticism for relying too much on just following the spirit , though in really different ways . consistently in all areas of christianity in my experience , there is the belief that it is very possible to rely too much on reason alone . i spent a while it was several years , but i can ' t say it was a long time because others have spent much longer believing that i would simply have to not act on my attractions toward other guys . much of that time i also believed i could change to stop having them . i have always wanted to be a dad and a spouse , still do , when i ' m not too depressed , so i just thought i ' d marry a woman , or maybe be celibate if that seemed better . i was a really really persistently happy person , and besides as a conservative christian teen , you don ' t have pressure about finding a spouse yet until you ' re digit , then go ahead and get married as soon as possible , so it was only in college , having friends with so ' s , and finally having my first crush ever it was on a guy , my best friend , and i fell for him hard before i knew what hit me , that i realized i could not handle marrying a girl , and i first realized what i ' d be missing if i were to be celibate . yeah , that was rough . before that and during that time , i actively kept myself from imagining what life would be like with a husband . i didn ' t want to think about it if i couldn ' t have it . i decided i had to be ok with celibacy before i could decide whether gay marriage was ok , and someone convinced me i also had to think about having a husband to be able to weigh the options . even now , i find it valuable to remind myself that it ' s unhealthy to think that i could not be ok living on my own i ' ve thought about it  i personally wouldn ' t be into hooking up , so for me the options are being celibate or being in a committed relationship . i tell myself , " if you could not imagine life without a husband , then digit you ' re not honestly able to consider the option fairly , and digit you will make an unhealthy partner for whomever you get involved with " that said , i think singleness is a better choice for some than others , and i think some are particularly suited fo in need of marriage  partnership . having made efforts to keep myself from being terribly biased obviously impossible to be completely unbiased , but i ' m big on unbiasedness , i really care , so i always tried my best to check myself , i considered the arguments , especially scripture . it ' s so much more confusing than so many christians give it credit for . i sincerely cannot respect intellectually the opinions of anyone who says , " the bible clearly says homosexuality is a sin , so that settles it " interestingly though , i absolutely feel equally little respect for anyone who says , " i don ' t see how anyone could ever think homosexuality could be wrong " if you ' re not a christian and you grew up in the modern culture , sure , why should you think it ' s wrong ? but for anyone else , anyone hoping to have any ear with christians , it grinds my gears because they are obviously just as thoughtless . you can find books , blog posts , videos , and certainly sermons on the verses themselves from all sorts of different hermeneutical perspectives , which you should do if you ' re a christian who cares . i think the old testament verses are less pertinent not irrelevant , though to this discussion than the new testament . short version of why that is  lv . is clearer in the language and original implications , but modern application given the rest of the ot ? super murky , honestly . for genesis , cultural context of gang rape plus ezekiel puts considerable doubt not complete doubt on the sodom and gomorrah story being relevant . nt is wondering what it ' s talking about where we have translated " homosexuality " in some versions , so that ' s something to talk about . continued in subcomment
   (ID: 80ae19b9093d92fad153af508f37fcd7cd9340ec)

6. decapitation is a good example of a mortal wound . most people do not know what the gospel is , it is hidden to them . can you tell me what the gospel is ?
   (ID: 67c9e09a0c4dab30b34127f2c96acedba2d75ec4)

7. thanks for proving my point . what point did i prove ?  can argue that there is good and bad practical result from the study of physics results from the study of physics atom bombs is not the same things as physics speed of light in a vacuum or weight of an elementary particle itself .  not only in the physical realm but the spiritual realm . what is a " spiritual realm " , what evidence do you have that such a " realm " exists ? where is this realm ? how do we access it ? how do we measure it ? how do we test it ? how do you determine what is and isn ' t part of the " spiritual realm ? you will have to show that such a thing exists before i can debate with you about it .  see how we don ' t agree on the basic premises of the debate ? it ' s not a disagreement , it ' s a misunderstanding , on your part .  oooh , edgy . i don ' t coddle delusions . you can piss of with your snark and get off your high horse if you want to actually talk about this stuff .  but . i can argue that religion is an evolved mechanism for time binding moral and ethical meta  narratives that has aided people in learning how to interact with each other and behave in social groups . that is not mutually exclusive from my definition .  in that way it has alleviated suffering for millions of people over thousands of years . again , not mutually exclusive from my point of view .  who is right ? i have evidence for my claims . you do not . there is no evidence for any such " supernatural realm " on which a lot of what you claim is based on , and so , i am right .  that you even refuse to see that more than one idea can be true at the same time means you have no idea what you are talking about . i never said that " more than one idea can ' t be true at the same time " , but it ' s not something i would disagree with . the earth can ' t be flat and an oblate spheroid at the same time . the sun can ' t orbit the earth , and the earth orbit the sun at the same time . fusing hydrogen atoms together can ' t produce helium and beryllium . it looks like you do not know what you are talking about when it comes to physics . i can point you to some reading material if you ' d like to learn more , but i ' m not going to give you a physics lesson here on reddit .  the real answer , for people who think instead of just blurt out declarative statements based solely on their own opinion assumed to be objective truth you condescending tone isn ' t welcome . if you ' re going to talk to me like that , you can fuck off and scream your nonsense in to the void , or go over to  flatearth where they welcome conspiracy theories .  is that the debate cannot have a winner because   the two parties do not agree on terms , like what " good " means . you . never tried to establish what " good " was . nothing in your comment talks about goodness . you talk about some spiritual realm , and then make some bogus statements about physics , which leads me to believe you are not arguing in good faith and just want to push your narrative . i ' m perfectly fine if the debate does not have a " winner . we aren ' t on stage in front of an audience , and i would venture to guess very few people will even read these comments . that your goal is to " win " and not to understand , again tells me you are arguing in bad faith , with no intention of learning anything .  we have almost no detailed records of events from digit  of the time period debated . detailed records are not the only evidence from which we can derive facts .  essentially this debate is a farce for hanging your confirmation bias on pot , meet kettle . the same applies to you , bud .
   (ID: 00b878c3a1ec656c05e2872b35fdccfcfda3baac)

8. i agree digit  people who are like ' god helped me study and pass my exams ' or ' god saved me from a car accident ' are so brainwashed . once people realise it ' s themselves that are in charge of their destiny , they decide their own morals , actions etc and not some invisible sky daddy , the better we will all be .
   (ID: 0edec5419d401d3ddd7386c8d9356093f1fa13cd)

9. choose your poison that ' s a nice test to give to people that are literally incapable of telling good from evil , because you made them in such a way . doesn ' t sound very flattering about god ' s character , is it ?  christianity at least imho is a soothing white lie i prefer calling it opiate of the masses . it helps one notice both great utility as a painkiller and horrible side effects .   x200b
   (ID: fae28587bce17296589bf92d656ad68ee32601d6)


============================================================
